http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/al-franken-two-more-women-groping_us_5a15a455e4b09650540ec295?ncid=inblnkushpmg00000009#Two More Women Accuse Sen. Al Franken Of Inappropriate Touching#Two more women have told HuffPost that Sen. Al Franken (D-Minn.) touched their butts in separate incidents. These are the third and fourth such allegations against Franken in the past week. Leeann Tweeden, a radio host, wrote last week that Franken had kissed and groped her without her consent during a 2006 USO tour. On Monday, Lindsay Menz accused Franken of groping her at the Minnesota State Fair in 2010.

The two additional women, who said they were not familiar with each others’ stories, both spoke on condition of anonymity. But their stories, which describe events during Franken’s first campaign for the Senate, are remarkably similar — and both women have been telling them privately for years.

In a statement to HuffPost, Franken said, “It’s difficult to respond to anonymous accusers, and I don’t remember those campaign events.”

The first woman, who spoke to HuffPost on condition of anonymity because she’s worried she’ll be harassed online for making the allegation, said Franken groped her when they posed for a photo after a June 25, 2007, event hosted by the Minnesota Women’s Political Caucus in Minneapolis.

“My story is eerily similar to Lindsay Menz’s story,” the first woman said. “He grabbed my buttocks during a photo op.”

The second woman told HuffPost that Franken cupped her butt with his hand at a 2008 Democratic fundraiser in Minneapolis, then suggested the two visit the bathroom together. She spoke on condition of anonymity out of fear that the allegation could affect her position at work.

“My immediate reaction was disgust,” the second woman said. “But my secondary reaction was disappointment. I was excited to be there and to meet him. And so to have that happen really deflated me. It felt like: ‘Is this really the person who is going to be in a position of power to represent our community?’”

“I can categorically say that I did not proposition anyone to join me in any bathroom,” Franken told HuffPost.

‘We Stood Next To Each Other ... And Down His Hand Went’

The first woman, a 38-year-old book editor who was living in Minneapolis at the time, told HuffPost that she had just finished performing with a feminist choir at the Women’s Political Caucus event, which Franken and his wife, Franni Bryson, attended. After the ceremony, she and other members of the choir approached him for photos.

“My mother loves Al Franken. She listened to Air America [on which Franken had a radio show] every day,” the first woman said. ”I saw him and asked if we could take a photo together for my mother, and we stood next to each other ... and down his hand went.”

HuffPost spoke to two sources close to the first woman who corroborated her account.

One fellow choir member, Sarah, remembers not only being there for the groping incident but hearing another choir member say that Franken wouldn’t stop looking at her chest.

Ten years ago, it was easier to shrug off predatory behavior as “boys being boys,” Sarah said, especially when that predatory behavior came from a political ally.

“At the time ... people weren’t as willing to speak against people they felt like were on their side,” Sarah said. “It’s really disappointing. And it’s crappy. Ten years ago we were also at an age where there was still a feeling of powerlessness, or that boys will be boys.”

People are saying that this is a right-wing conspiracy. It’s not. I’m a liberal person. ... I voted for him after this happened.

The first woman’s best friend, who likewise wished to remain anonymous, remembers hearing about the groping incident the day after it happened.

“She was in this all-women’s choir and he was at an event where she performed, and she told me that he basically grabbed her ass,” the best friend said. “It was a ‘Can you believe this happened to me?’ kind of thing.”

The first woman wanted to tell her story because Franken is “a serial groper,” she said.

“Only two people have come forward, and people are saying that this is a right-wing conspiracy,” she said. “It’s not. I’m a liberal person. ... I voted for him after this happened.”

‘I Was Completely Mortified’

The second woman, who said she was groped at a fundraiser, told HuffPost it took place in the fall of 2008 at the Loft Literary Center in Minneapolis. She was excited about attending the event and meeting someone she wanted to support.

“I had never attended anything like that,” she said.

She and her friends found Franken and introduced themselves to him.

“I shook his hand, and he put his arm around my waist and held it there,” the second woman said. “Then he moved it lower and cupped my butt.”

“I was completely mortified,” she added.

In order to escape the situation, the woman excused herself to go to the bathroom. At that point, she said, Franken leaned in and suggested that he accompany her. She grabbed her friend and fled to the bathroom without him.

The second woman told several people ― including one of the reporters for this story, Zachary Roth ― about the incident some years ago, but didn’t want it reported then. She said she didn’t tell anyone at the time of the incident because inappropriate behavior from men was not that unusual to her or her friends.

“Sexual harassment happens so often, you have to learn how to move on,” she said, describing her thinking at the time.

Several other factors also left her feeling powerless.

“I felt like I didn’t have a voice,” she said. “This man had all of the power, all of the authority. In addition, he is a white man and I am a woman of color. I was 21 years old. And I was afraid that he would use all of those privileges to discredit me, to make me feel even smaller than I already felt.”

Today, she said, she feels more confident, in part thanks to the flood of women who have come forward over the last month to share stories of sexual harassment by powerful men.

“I couldn’t see all these other women come forward and not walk the walk myself,” she said. “I wanted my report to be a way for other women to say, ‘Yes, that happened to me and I don’t have to be afraid.’”

Like the second woman, the first woman waited years before deciding to go public with her story.

She laughed off the incident at the time, she said, even telling other people about it as a sort of “party trick.” It wasn’t until recently, she said, that she felt safe talking about how uncomfortable she’d felt.

Facebook

On Oct. 12, shortly after The New York Times and The New Yorker published bombshell reports about sexual assault claims against movie mogul Harvey Weinstein that drove the #MeToo social media campaign to new heights, the first woman posted on Facebook about her experience.

“Are we all sharing which famous man has groped us?” she wrote. “Mine’s Al Franken.”

“Men should be held to the same standards regardless of their politics,” she said. “He’s an imperfect messenger for a progressive platform. He can’t claim to be ‘for women’ and also grope them.”$http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/jim-kenney-donald-trump-philadelphia-mayor_us_5a168defe4b0d4906cad5ebf?ncid=inblnkushpmg00000009#Philadelphia Mayor Roasts Donald Trump: ‘Our President Is A Bully’ And A 'Punk’#Philadelphia Mayor Jim Kenney did not hold back in his criticism of President Donald Trump on Wednesday.

During a speech at Philadelphia’s City Hall, Kenney called out the White House for having “no compassion whatsoever” with its decision to remove the “temporary protected status” designation for Haitians by July 2019.

The status gives people from certain war-ravaged or natural disaster-hit countries permission to live and work in the U.S. without fear of deportation. Haiti was left devastated by an earthquake in 2010.

The Trump administration’s move, announced Monday, would force almost 59,000 Haitians to either achieve legal status in the U.S., return home, leave for another country or remain in America without documentation.

Kenney called Trump’s immigration policies “simply un-American” and said the president himself should “get out” of the country.

“I’m just beside myself with with sadness because our president is a bully, our president is a punk and he just doesn’t get it,” he added.$http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/entry/heres-what-spreadsheet-phil-should-have-done-for-a-truly-radical-budget_uk_5a15d1b2e4b0f401dfa7ecdfHere's What 'Spreadsheet Phil' Should Have Done For A Truly Radical BudgetMany commentators have already concluded that ‘Spreadsheet Phil’ did the best he could with a bad hand in this week’s Budget.

It’s true that the Chancellor, Philip Hammond, was able to produce a few headline-grabbing giveaways, especially around housing, an issue which the Prime Minister has pledged to take “personal charge” of solving. Cue an apparent injection of £44bn into housebuilding designed to see 300,000 new homes per year delivered by the middle of the next decade.

And those looking to buy a home received the welcome news that purchases below £300,000 will no longer attract Stamp Duty. Elsewhere, largesse was more muted. An extra £2.8bn for the NHS was almost immediately criticised by health service bosses as woefully inadequate and jarred next to the £3bn set aside to deal with Brexit-related costs. The irony will not have been lost.

But try as he might, the Chancellor found it impossible to hide from the swingeing downgrades to the UK’s economic growth prospects from the oft-labelled “independent” Office for Budget Responsibility. The OBR laid the blame for the slowdown in Britain’s GDP rises over the coming years on sluggish productivity, which is set to hit tax revenues.

And even the more positive mood-music on housing quickly came under attack, with experts suggesting the main effect of the cut in Stamp Duty will be further house price rises – potentially wiping out any theoretical savings from the tax cut.

While an expansion in housing supply, plus other measures to encourage NHS bodies and councils to free up surplus land for brownfield development, may (on an optimistic outlook) start to have an effect in a few years, the fact is housing affordability will remain a huge challenge for most people for the foreseeable future.

According to the Joseph Rowntree Foundation, an anti-poverty charity, the poorest fifth of households spend around a third (31%) of their income on housing costs, compared to less than one tenth (9%) for the richest fifth. Worryingly, this proportion has been rising consistently for those least able to afford it for the past 15 years.

This is perhaps no surprise given the explosion in those housed in the private rented sector over that time: between 2002 and 2015, the numbers of households in this category grew from 2.3m to 5.4m – 21% of all families. And all too often, high rents on top of low wages become a trap: Research by Shelter has found that typical new homes built today are out of reach for over eight in ten (83%) working families living in private rented accommodation across the country – even if they use the Government’s Help to Buy scheme.

Recently, the Institute for Global Prosperity put forward a radical new proposal to overhaul our public services and make them fit for the 21st century. We’ve called this idea ‘Universal Basic Services’, or UBS. At its heart is a simple premise: that the services all of us need for a minimum standard of living in modern Britain – shelter, food, transport and information technology – should be provided free at the point of need, just as we already do for healthcare through the NHS. The main benefit of this scheme is that it would dramatically reduce the basic cost of living for many millions of people; for the poorest people in society, it would be worth around £125 per week in saved costs.

On housing, we’ve recommended doubling the existing social housing stock by funding the building of 1.5 million new social housing units by borrowing at the current low rates. The new units would be offered on a needs basis at zero rent. All social housing would be exempted from Council Tax, and include a utilities allowance.

Now of course, this has prompted some accusations that such a plan can’t be afforded in our current circumstances. But our proposals are fully costed. In the document we published back in October, economists Jonathan Portes and Howard Reed have shown how the £42bn total cost of UBS represents the equivalent of just 2.3% of UK GDP and could be paid for by reducing the Personal Allowance.

We’ve also been at pains to point out that the idea for UBS would need to be accompanied by a big expansion of local democracy and accountability, to prevent the creation of new, clunky state monopolies on service provision.

But the fundamental question at stake here needs to be asked: What kind of society do we want Britain to be? Do we want to continue down the path of growing inequality and insecurity we’ve witnessed over the past decade? Or is it time for a new social contract that ensures everyone has the building blocks they need to live a ‘larger life’?http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/entry/women-what-does-this-budget-mean-for-you_uk_5a1610e2e4b068a3ca6df62aWomen - What Does This Budget Mean For You?The budget has arrived delivering little more than a tinkering round the edges and as per usual next to nothing for women. The issue here is that the budget is shaped around a very narrow notion of the economy, namely the notion that what counts is the GDP, jobs and productivity. This approach overlooks activities that sustain our economic growth, our social reproduction and does not take measure of our NNP, our net National Product – a calculation that might better show the economic wellbeing of ordinary citizens.

These budgets are set under a paradigm that sees men as the main earners in society and seeks to make policies that win voter approval on this basis. In this paradigm policies are geared towards the growth in traditionally male dominated spheres. Heavy industries and infrastructure projects which lead to employment of men – such as rail building, are favoured over investment in social infrastructure where more women are employed – Health, Education and Care for example. Surprising though it might be that the Conservatives will be working with the TUC on their newly announced construction skills programme this will on the whole lead to skills and work for men rather than women. And again while Hammond spoke of white van men AND women driving their diesel vans with impunity, exempt from the new charges on polluting vehicles, lets face it very few of those van drivers are women. Gender neutrality here hides the fact that this is an exemption for men.

In education funding has been set aside to encourage children to study maths and computer science. While this funding is welcome, it has to be noted that these are subjects where there is a huge gender imbalance, which the UK has done nothing to address: currently 60 % of Math A levels are taken by boys and 40% by girls and a mere 10% of Computer Science A levels are taken by girls. This is gender imbalance is not seen in other countries. And while schools will be competing to win this funding and become specialist maths schools this policy does nothing to address the future cuts schools are facing. This specialist maths school funding amounts to a plug for amount already lost for a select few while the rest of our schools are still set to contend with losses of up to -15% per year.

While action is being taken to encourage house building - £44 billion of capital funding loans- we can’t be sure what percentage of these new houses will be so called ‘affordable’ homes, affordable homes that are not affordable for most people. What we need, what women disproportionately need is social housing. However this government is focused on first time buyers and helping them get on the housing ladder by abolishing stamp duty, this will not help the most vulnerable in our society.

The impacts of the budget on women are striking for what was not mentioned. No mention for example of the gap in social care or women’s frontline services. Cuts already made to these sectors will continue to impact women to their detriment. Cuts to the public service sector, the continued underfunding of the NHS, areas where women are both a higher proportion of employees and users of these services have not been redressed. Indeed it will be women who will pick up the unpaid care work for those who have been failed by both our NHS and our depleted social care system. And while paltry sums of money will be dished out here and there, none of the policies announced today come anywhere close to addressing the damage done by previous budgets.http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/entry/government-brexit-deadline-is-not-so-much-a-red-herring-as-a-dead-cat_uk_5a157910e4b0f401dfa7ec28Government Brexit Deadline Is Not So Much A Red Herring As A Dead CatI have a prediction about the government amendment to EU Withdrawal Bill, fixing the time the UK leaves the EU as “before, after or at 11pm on 29th March 2019”. It will be withdrawn by government on the evening it is debated, having served its purpose of putting up a massive target for Remain-leaning MPs and newspapers to get hugely upset about, and for Leave-leaning MPs to say “look at that, don’t look at this other stuff”.

It’s the biggest dead cat strategy employed by the Brexit brigade since the days of the Referendum.

As we know, the EU Withdrawal bill gives the government rights to massively trample over Parliament in the name of Parliamentary Sovereignty. Ministers, with a little help from a Gerrymandered Select Committee makeup, can do almost whatever they like.

Naturally for such a hugely important bill, many amendments have been put forward, to protect EU citizens (including us), to protect the environment, animal welfare, and most importantly, to protect our country from predatory use of the bill itself. But by far the biggest attention-grabber has been the amendment to Clause 14 (The Time We Will Leave Amendment).

The Withdrawal Bill has generated 191 pages of amendments containing 378 changes and 75 new clauses. Parliament has allocated eight 8-hour sessions of debate time for these amendments – that’s a little under 9 minutes of debate per change, not counting the time to actually vote on them. In practice this is managed by a process whereby the Speaker’s office and representatives from both sides group amendments into related packages, to stop us debating changes until way past March 2019.

Despite this cripplingly tight deadline to sort out the amendments, hours of debate time on the first day were wasted on Frank Field’s daft amendment for the actual time we leave the EU to be set using GMT rather than EU time. This amendment was eventually withdrawn after doing its job of occupying enough Parliamentary energy.

Three days of the eight allocated have now passed with zero amendments being passed. Every amendment has been voted down. And some of them are very important.

One amendment recently defeated was to include EU rules about animal sentience into UK law – this defeat means that the official government line post-Brexit is essentially that animals can feel no pain, and don’t care how badly you treat them.

Two more crucial amendments were overturned in more recent debates – Challenges to Validity of Retained EU Law (which sounds dull but defeat means the UK can mess with employment rights after Brexit and those affected can’t go to the ECJ) – and most scarily the Charter of Fundamental Rights, which are a package of human rights which UK citizens obviously currently benefit from.

These three amendments collectively mean we probably won’t be able to export meat to the EU as we won’t abide by their animal welfare standards, that any EU national still crazy enough to wish to work here after Brexit wouldn’t have the same employment rights, and that UK citizens could lose fundamental human rights (this last amendment wasn’t defeated but withdrawn after government promised a “full report”, which supposedly is good enough).

Another Labour amendment suggested we may want to stay in zero-tariff trading arrangements with the EU – meaning we could essentially stay in the Single Market / Customs Union. This was heavily defeated, with the astounding spectacle of Labour shadow cabinet members walking through the Lobby alongside David Davis, and Labour’s Barry Gardiner suggesting it was “illiterate” and illogical, without suggesting a more literate or logical alternative that could allow the UK to retain the huge benefits of the Single Market. Some of us remember when leaving the Single Market / Customs Union was described as a “Disastrous Hard Brexit” by Labour benches, and also remember how Theresa May went to the country to give her a mandate for a her version of Brexit – and lost her majority because of it. Now it’s a policy that Labour defends, making Theresa’s dalliance with the Ballot Box even more of a waste of time.

Hundreds of amendments are being defeated, with Remain-leaning Tories being advised to choose their battles in favour of defeating the Exit Date amendment, which is meaningless for two reasons. Firstly, a legal time limit already exists on when we leave the EU – exactly 2 years after we triggered Article 50 (i.e. on 29th March 2019) and short of withdrawing Article 50 there’s nothing we can do about it. That date cannot be changed by us unilaterally, only by agreement with the rest of the EU it. We can legally withdraw Article 50 unilaterally, as one of the authors who drafted it points out, but not fiddle with the date.

Secondly, the Henry VIII powers given to ministers in the Bill “where necessary to aid the process of withdrawal” allows them to alter the bill itself so any clause can essentially be changed or ditched. Ministers could push the date in either direction at will. These powers are in clauses yet to be debated, and the Lords is likely to kick up a huge fuss about them, but as it stands we must trust David Davis and Boris Johnson not to abuse their powers. As if they would…

Government has introduced a Big Scary though meaningless amendment as a distraction from the real changes that should be made. Expect them to drop it on the day it’s debated, with great fanfare about “defeat on a crucial aspect of Brexit” by both sides, when the damage has already been done.http://cnn.com/2017/11/22/politics/conyers-lawyer-allegations/index.htmlLawyer: Conyers won't resign House seat, did not harass women(CNN) An attorney for embattled Rep. John Conyers told CNN on Wednesday that the Michigan Democrat will not resign as he faces an investigation by the House Ethics Committee over allegations that he sexually harassed and discriminated against members of his staff.

In a phone conversation with a CNN reporter, attorney Arnold Reed said Conyers was taking the allegations "very seriously" but did not plan to resign his House seat.

"Mr. Conyers is not going to resign," Reed said. "If everybody that was facing 'allegations' -- including the President, members of the House and Senate -- resigned, we'd have a lot of unemployed people walking around."

Reed added that Conyers was not taking the allegations lightly but that he is innocent of all wrongdoing.

"At the end of the day, Mr. Conyers is not guilty of harassing these women who have come forward. It didn't happen," he said.

Read Morehttp://cnn.com/travel/gallery/andrew-peacock-expedition-doctor-photographer/index.htmlMeet the expedition doctor who photographs his travelsBy continuing to browse our site you agree to our use of cookies Privacy Policy and Terms of Service . More information about cookieshttp://www.huffingtonpost.com.au/2017/11/22/beautiful-8-word-stories-are-cropping-up-on-queensland-billboards_a_23286026/Beautiful 8 Word Stories Are Cropping Up On Queensland BillboardsIf you've wandered around Queensland this past week, you might have noticed bright orange billboards cropping up all over the place with only eight words on them.



They're part of the #8WordStory campaign being run by the Queensland Writers Centre -- and so far almost 10,000 stories have been submitted.



For each week this past month, 20 stories have been chosen to run on billboards around Brisbane.

Some of the best from their website include:

Delicate fingers, tiny feet -- endless love, one heartbeat Monika G

She led the world from a keyboard throne Kate Smibert

'Hello sis.' After 75 years I wasn't wanted. Fiona Armstrong

Finished? Meet me again on the first page. Eleni Hale

Two men kiss. Confetti. The moon rises, sets. Stuart Barnes

But that wasn't the end of it. The #8WordStory went off on Twitter and others joined in with their best super short stories. And they got very funny.

Distance I've put between us: 33kms, says Grindr #8WordStory November 12, 2017

I refuse to stay silent, she said loudly #8WordStory November 17, 2017

You can see more on the official website here.http://www.foxnews.com/us/2017/11/23/macys-thanksgiving-day-parade-rolls-on-with-balloons-bands-security.htmlMacy's Thanksgiving Day Parade rolls on with balloons, bands, securityThe Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade marched, rolled and soared in traditional style Thursday as police went all-out to secure it in a year marked by attacks on outdoor gathering spots.

With new faces and old favorites in the lineup, the Americana extravaganza made its way through 2 ½ miles of Manhattan on a cold morning.

"The crowds are still the same, but there's a lot more police here. That's the age we live in," Paul Seyforth said as he attended the parade he'd watched since the 1950s.

"Not a lot's changed — the balloons, the bands, the floats — and that's the good thing," said Seyforth, 76, who'd flown in from Denver to spend his 50th wedding anniversary in New York and see this year's parade.

The televised parade was proceeding smoothly, though about midway through, a gust of wind on a largely calm day blew a candy-cane balloon into a tree branch, and it popped near the start of the route on Manhattan's Upper West Side. No one was injured.

In 2005, one of the parade's signature giant balloons caught a gust, hit a Times Square lamppost and injured two people. The candy cane was smaller than the giant balloons.

NYPD TO USE SECRET WEAPON AT THANKSGIVING DAY PARADE: 'VAPOR WAKE' RETRIEVERS

Timothy McMillian and his wife, their 9-year-old daughter and his in-laws started staking out a spot along the route at 6:30 a.m. They'd come from Greensboro, North Carolina, to see in person the spectacle they'd watched on TV for years.

McMillian, a 45-year-old schoolteacher, booked a hotel months ago, but he started to have some concerns about security when a truck attack on a bike path near the World Trade Center killed eight people on Halloween.

"With the event being out in the open like this, we were concerned," he said. "But we knew security would be ramped up today, and we have full confidence in the NYPD."

Authorities say there is no confirmation of a credible threat to the parade, but they were taking no chances after both the truck attack and the October shooting that killed 58 people at a Las Vegas country music festival.

New York Police Department officers with assault weapons and portable radiation detectors were circulating among the crowds, sharpshooters were on rooftops and sand-filled city sanitation trucks were poised as imposing barriers to traffic at every cross street. Officers also were escorting each of the giant balloons.

The mayor and police brass have repeatedly stressed that visitors shouldn't be deterred. And Bekki Grinnell certainly wasn't.

THIS THANKSGIVING, HOUSTON'S HURRICANE HARVEY HERO, MATTRESS MACK, TO FEED THOUSANDS

"When your kid from Alaska is marching in the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, you come," said Grinnell, whose daughter was marching with the band from Colony High School in Palmer, Alaska. Grinnell said she wasn't worried about security because of the police presence: "I think we're in a safe spot."

Other paradegoers also showed their appreciation for police: The NYPD marching band and a group of mounted officers got some of the biggest cheers from spectators lined up as many as 15 deep along barricades. Among other crowd favorites: as did the SpongeBob SquarePants balloon.

The 91st annual parade featured new balloons including Olaf from the Disney movie "Frozen" and Chase from the TV cartoon "Paw Patrol" will be among the new balloons Thursday, along with a new version of the Grinch of Dr. Seuss fame.

Smokey Robinson, The Roots, Flo Rida and Wyclef Jean were among the stars celebrating, along with performances from the casts of Broadway's "Anastasia," ''Dear Evan Hansen" and "SpongeBob SquarePants." The lineup included a dozen marching bands, as well as the high-kicking Radio City Music Hall Rockettes — and, of course, Santa Claus.

"This is my favorite thing ever," musician Questlove told The Associated Press as he got ready to ride the Gibson Guitars float with his bandmates in The Roots and late-night host Jimmy Fallon of "The Tonight Show," where The Roots are the house band. Questlove said being in the parade is "probably my favorite perk" of the job.

"To go from being a spectator to being up here, it's kinda cool," he said.

Added singer-songwriter Andy Grammer as he got on the Homewood Suites float: "It's kind of like being at the center of Thanksgiving."https://www.houzz.com/ideabooks/95878885/list/up-to-80-off-kitchen-bestsellersUp to 80% Off Kitchen BestsellersADMINISTRATIVE CONTROLS

Original To: US ; Original also Cloned To: US ; Site: US; Currently Featured in: UShttps://www.houzz.com/photo/6946385-covered-patio-traditional-patio-san-franciscoby Kikuchi + Kankel Design GroupCovered Patio

The homeowners desired an outdoor space that felt more rustic than their refined interior spaces, but still related architecturally to their house. Cement plaster support arbor columns provide enough of visual tie to the existing house exterior. Oversized wood beams and rafter members provide a unique outdoor atmosphere. Structural bolts and hardware were minimized for a cleaner appearance. Structural connections and supports were engineered to meet California's stringent earthquake standards.



Ali Atri Photographyhttps://www.houzz.com/discussions/4701048/what-is-the-distance-between-the-2-inside-postsWhat is the distance between the 2 inside posts?What is the distance between the 2 inside posts?

Covered Patio · More Info

Is that the widest possible to support the roof? How wide can it be? Do you need to have 4 posts to support a 24' wide beam? Is this possible with only 2 posts?https://www.houzz.com/product/8024105-twin-peaks-counter-chair-rustic-bar-stools-and-counter-stoolsTwin Peaks Counter ChairShipping was fast. It was very easy to assemble. Looks exactly like it does on the site. Even though 1 of then was damaged in shipping Houzz customer service made it very easy to get a replacement!https://www.houzz.com/photo/1081493-chilliwack-central-traditional-kitchen-vancouverby Starline CabinetsChilliwack Central

This cabinet was custom designed by us with the homeowner who has a very busy family life and needed to keep everything organized and in one place! We are very proud of our creative designers; as well as our talented shop team for making our ideas a reality!

Custom Cabinetry: Starline Cabinetshttps://www.houzz.com/discussions/910322/who-makes-the-cabinet-that-has-the-doors-open-where-can-i-buy-itWho makes the cabinet that has the doors open? Where can I buy it?Whether your mother taught you to cook and clean or how to order takeout and let messes be, we'd like to hear about ithttps://www.houzz.com/ideabooks/94682819/list/before-and-after-cheerful-color-in-a-farmhouse-bathroomBefore and After: Cheerful Color in a Farmhouse Bathroombrowse black bathroom faucets

Because the bathroom is small, options for a new claw-foot tub were limited. Rather than pay for a new cast-iron tub, the homeowners decided to repurpose the existing claw-foot tub.They did not choose this shade for the bathtub randomly; it appears as an accent color in the kitchen nearby. Young thought painting the tub this color would created cohesion between the two rooms. After deciding on the exterior color, it was time to choose a new faucet and tub filler.“This is when the project took a turn,” Young says.The plumbing holes for the previous bathtub plumbing fixtures were spaced close together, making it impossible to just go out and buy a new set off the shelf. They had two options: Have the faucet and tub filler custom-made, or refinish the inside of the tub. They chose the latter option because the tub was being taken out of the house to be painted on the outside anyway.This proved to be a great decision. The bathtub looked brand new without being as expensive as a new one, and Young could now install any fixtures the homeowners chose — well, almost any.The homeowners loved the matte black finish on the Brizo tub filler and coordinating sink faucet, but at the time of the project, they could only get the matte black sink faucet with SmartTouch Technology. The price for this touch-to-turn-on feature was higher, but the homeowners were willing to pay the additional amount to get the matching matte black finish they loved. The feature requires a battery pack, which forced the team to find a vanity that could discreetly hide it.https://www.houzz.com/photo/1842578-sagamore-house-southwestern-exterior-los-angelesby martha picciottiPeople who liked this photo also likedhttps://www.houzz.com/product/34873663-axis-3-light-pendant-winter-gold-transitional-pendant-lightingCapital Lighting 4233RS Axis 3-Light Pendant, RussetThank you for your review! You can Edit your review at any time.https://www.houzz.com/photo/3329013-parade-of-homes-spring-2013-traditional-living-room-minneapolisParade of Homes Spring 2013People who liked this photo also likedhttps://www.houzz.com/ideabooks/96882591/list/photo-tour-chicago-neighborhoods-dress-up-for-fallPhoto Tour: Chicago Neighborhoods Dress Up for FallAmong the thoughtfully stacked and striking display of pumpkins is a Long Island Cheese pumpkin, second from top. Its dull orange hue and shape give the pumpkin its name — it resembles a big wheel of cheese.Also in the mix are a white Moonshine pumpkin below it, a Blue Lakota on the bottom step and the green-and yellow striped Kakai pumpkin — all displayed in front of a lush planter.https://www.houzz.com/photo/104770623-exbourne-avenue-transitional-bedroom-san-franciscoby Sabrina Alfin InteriorsPeople who liked this photo also likedhttps://www.houzz.com/product/43203716-loom-armchairs-set-of-2-platinum-transitional-dining-chairsby Orient Express FurnitureSeat Height: 17"

Trendy yet timeless, casual yet elegant-- the Loom Arm Chair is the perfect combination of everything desired in a chair. It features a sturdy and supportive solid frame and an upholstered, removable seat cushion. The seat back is made of an intricate rope weave design and allows this chair to stand out, regardless of where it's placed. With a chair this comfortable and stylish, your friends and family will be begging to visit. This piece measures at 23.5 inches wide by 26 inches deep by 33.5 inches tall.





Product Specifications Manufactured By Orient Express Furniture Sold By Houzz Size/Weight W 24.5" / D 26" / H 33.5" / 17 lb. Color Platinum Materials Mahogany, Rope, and 100% Olefin Assembly Required Yes Category Dining Chairs Style Transitional Variations Loom Armchairs, Set of 2, Platinum

Loom Armchairs, Set of 2, Sand Report incorrect information or image

Seller and Shipping Information: $658.90 +$0 Shipping Sold by Houzz Ready to ship to the Continental U.S. and Canada in 3 - 7 days View Return Policy Buy from this Sellerhttps://www.houzz.com/photo/46598080-silverlake-full-home-design-scandinavian-bathroom-los-angelesSilverlake Full Home DesignPeople who liked this photo also liked

Mid-sized scandinavian master black and white tile and cement tile mosaic tile floor and multicolored floor bathroom idea in Los Angeles with recessed-panel cabinets, white cabinets, white walls, an undermount sink and marble countertops — Houzzhttps://www.houzz.com/ideabooks/95300404/list/wisconsin-sunroom-gets-revamped-for-entertainingWisconsin Sunroom Gets Revamped for EntertainingThe homeowners chose a clean, white paint to brighten up the sunroom walls and give the space a more open feel, and selected furniture that reflects their love of midcentury style. The other dramatic change is the floor tile.The homeowners chose a blue-and-white patterned cement tile to give their space a clean and lighthearted look. It’s a dramatic departure from the heavytiles that previously covered the floors.As part of the remodel, the homeowners had their existing French doors painted the same bright white as the walls and changed the hardware to a contrasting color. The doors lead to a patio that overlooks the lake, and when they are open, this room feels like an outdoor porch.The sofa spans the entire wall, supplying ample seating as well as clean, straight design lines. A pair of Bertoia chairs opposite the sofa creates an intimate conversation space without blocking the lake view.https://www.houzz.com/photo/29246-contemporary-entry-contemporary-entry-phoenixContemporary EntrySamantha Schoech added this to Choose the Right Doorknob for the Jobhttps://www.houzz.com/discussions/118303/is-the-door-handle-custom-where-can-i-find-itIs the door handle custom? Where can I find it?Range style is mostly a matter of personal taste. This full course of possibilities can help you find the right appliance to match yourshttps://www.houzz.com/product/15082247-noah-wood-accent-table-brown-mahogany-traditional-console-tablesNoah Wood Accent TableThis is a very nice table but it turned out to be too small for the intended location. That said, I like it so much that I found another spot for it. Make sure you are looking for a small table. Would be perfect for tight spaces. If you have an normal-large size space, go with something larger. The best part of this table is that it came fully assembled. I was dreading spending an hour putting a table together but I just had to pull it out of the box. the wood finish is a lovely deep brown and the wood grain is very nice. The drawers open/close with ease.https://www.houzz.com/photo/94451594-sf-showcase-2017-traditional-laundry-room-san-franciscoSF Showcase 2017Laura Gaskill added this to How to Refresh Your Laundry Room on Any Budgethttps://www.houzz.com/ideabooks/97007181/list/9-ways-to-make-the-most-of-your-thanksgiving-weekend9 Ways to Make the Most of Your Thanksgiving WeekendNo matter what your plans, think of what you would really enjoy doing and make time for it

.

The big day is here!If you’re hosting Thanksgiving dinner, get your last-minute shopping and prep done, and check in with guests who have agreed to bring a dish.If you’ll be traveling over the holiday, allow extra time for traffic and delays. And since thefts tend to spike around the holidays when people are away, take a few common-sense measures to secure your home before leaving: Lock windows and doors, use motion-sensing exterior lights and set interior lights on timers if possible.https://www.houzz.com/photo/165741-cherry-shaker-kitchen-craftsman-kitchen-bostonCherry shaker kitchenCherry shaker kitchen

Beautifully remodeled kitchen in southern NH., furniture style cherry shaker inset cabinetry with an antique distress island. Multifuntional kitchen designed for entertaining, family get togethers and every use.http://www.businessinsider.com/fed-worried-about-low-inflation-suggests-rate-hikes-in-question-2017-11The Fed is having 2nd thoughts about raising interest rates furtherFederal Reserve Board Chair Janet Yellen raised fresh concerns about low inflation in a speech on Tuesday evening.

Minutes from the Fed's November 1 meeting show that doubts exist among policymakers about whether low inflation is, in fact, transitory.

Wall Street is still counting on a December interest-rate hike, but future rate increases may be in doubt unless inflation and wages pick up.



Between Janet Yellen's speech on Tuesday night and the minutes of the Federal Reserve's November meeting, one message is becoming increasingly clear: Officials are becoming uncomfortable with their forecasts of a "transitory" period of inflation below the central bank's target.

It means interest rates may not climb the way many on Wall Street expect.

As Yellen prepares to cede the helm of the central bank to her colleague Jerome Powell early next year, these concerns cast doubt over the Fed's forecasts of several additional interest-rate increases in 2018 and 2019.

"I will say I am very uncertain about this," Yellen said in remarks on Tuesday evening. "My colleagues and I are not certain that it is transitory, and we are monitoring inflation very closely."

Traders think the Fed's meeting on December 12 and 13 is too soon for a change of course, and markets have long priced in an additional interest-rate hike then. The Fed has raised interest rates four times in halting steps since December 2015, to a range of 1% to 1.25%, after having left them at essentially zero for seven years in response to the Great Recession.

Still, further hikes are far from certain. Minutes from the central bank's latest policy meeting reaffirmed Yellen's tone and suggested that others on the committee share her views:

"Many participants observed, however, that continued low readings on inflation, which had occurred even as the labor market tightened, might reflect not only transitory factors, but also the influence of developments that could prove more persistent."

Financial markets are on tenterhooks waiting for Powell, who has much less experience than Yellen in monetary policy and economics and has said little about interest rates, to speak on the record.

Yellen and her colleagues have previously expressed surprise at an inflation rate that has continued to undershoot the Fed's official 2% target for much of the economic recovery — a trend that suggests the labor market is not fully healed despite a historically low 4.1% jobless rate.

Another sign of trouble: Wages are not rising for most Americans, leading to a loss of purchasing power despite low reported inflation readings.

Unless both wages and inflation begin to pick up soon, Fed officials under any leadership should reconsider their gusto to tighten financial conditions in a still fragile economy.http://www.businessinsider.com/r-us-judge-orders-uber-customer-to-arbitrate-price-fixing-claims-2017-11U.S. judge orders Uber customer to arbitrate price-fixing claimsBy Jonathan Stempel

NEW YORK (Reuters) - A U.S. judge ruled that Uber can force an unhappy Connecticut customer's price-fixing case against the ride-service company into arbitration, after the customer said the proposed class action belonged in court because he never agreed to arbitrate.

In an order dated Wednesday, U.S. District Judge Jed Rakoff in Manhattan also dismissed claims by the customer, Spencer Meyer, against former Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL] Chief Executive Travis Kalanick, unless Meyer wishes to arbitrate.

Rakoff, long a critic of mandatory arbitration, said he would explain his reasoning later. Reuters obtained a copy of his order, which was not available in online court records.

"We are pleased with the court's decision," Uber said in an email.

Lawyers for Meyer did not immediately respond on Thursday to requests for comment. Kalanick's lawyers did not immediately respond to similar requests.

Arbitration clauses are often buried in lengthy terms of service that customers never see or would struggle to read.

Critics say the clauses, which often forbid class actions, dissuade many people from pursuing claims at all.

Meyer had accused San Francisco-based Uber and Kalanick of conspiring with drivers, whose earnings are shared with Uber, to charge "surge pricing" fares during peak demand periods.

He said he never agreed to arbitrate because a keypad had obscured a hyperlink to Uber's terms of service, including the arbitration clause, when he signed up with his smartphone.

Uber countered that Meyer had an unobstructed view of the hyperlink, and waived the keypad issue because he could have raised it sooner. The lawsuit began in December 2015.

Kalanick said claims against him must be dismissed because he was no longer Uber's chief executive. He resigned in June after a shareholder revolt.

On Aug. 17, the federal appeals court in Manhattan had reinstated the arbitration provision, overturning a July 2016 ruling by Rakoff that found it unenforceable.

Later that month, the appeals court said Rakoff may consider new evidence about how long Uber customers could see the hyperlink, including when entering credit card information.

Internet companies and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce have argued during the litigation that a loss by Uber could inhibit e-commerce and threaten the enforceability of online contracts.

The case is Meyer v. Kalanick et al, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 15-09796.

(Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New YorkEditing by Jonathan Oatis)http://www.businessinsider.com/r-fiat-chrysler-to-recall-1200-suvs-in-india-for-airbag-replacement-2017-11Fiat Chrysler to recall 1,200 SUVs in India for airbag replacementNEW DELHI (Reuters) - Italian-American carmaker Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV will recall 1,200 Jeep Compass sports utility vehicles (SUVs) sold in India, for "replacement of the front passenger air bag," FCA India said in a statement on Thursday.

The recalls are part of a bigger recall by the company. The carmaker on Wednesday recalled 7,000 U.S.-market SUVs and 1,000 vehicles sold in Canada and Mexico for the same reason.

During the airbag module assembly process, "loose fasteners may have inadvertently found their way undetected into a small number of modules," Fiat said in an emailed statement.

No injuries, accidents, warranty claims or complaints have been reported, the company said.

(Reporting by Sudarshan Varadhan; Editing by Susan Fenton)http://www.businessinsider.com/ilana-weinstein-idw-group-hedge-fund-recruiter-college-majors-dont-matter-2017-11A top hedge fund recruiter explains why your college major doesn’t really matterIlana Weinstein is the founder of The IDW Group, which focuses on recruiting investment talent for all kinds of investment strategies.

We asked Weinstein about the biggest trends in the hedge-fund business and how to get a senior-level job today.

Here’s her best advice for recent college graduates looking to land jobs at a hedge fund.



llana Weinstein, founder of the The IDW Group, is a tour de force within the hedge-fund industry.

She recruits top-level talent for the world’s most prestigious investment firms including hedge funds, family offices and private equity funds.

Weinstein recently sat down with Business Insider’s hedge fund reporter Rachael Levy for a wide-ranging interview about the industry. She says your college major isn’t actually that important when it comes to landing a dream hedge fund job after graduation. Instead, it all comes down to passion. Here’s more from the interview:

Rachael Levy: What advice would you give to a young person coming out of school who wants to join a hedge fund? What kind of educational background are funds looking for now?

Ilana Weinstein: Focus on what lights you up – not the dollar signs. There are thousands of hedge funds and most won’t make it.

There are thousands of hedge funds and most won’t make it. It’s kind of like the dot-com bubble when I was coming out of school. Unless you live and breathe investing and everything that goes on in your area of interest, this is not for you. What I am most inspired by is passion. This manifests itself through someone who is on fire about what is evolving in his industry, sector, how committed he is. I know it when I see it.

I wouldn’t worry much about majors. School is a time to expand your horizons and learn how to think. That skill set and flexibility will serve you better as an investor than any individual class. I have had a few Founders disparage the value of an MBA. They would rather the person spent those two years in an investing seat going through different markets. As an MBA myself I am mixed on that but I understand the point.

You can read the full interview with Ilana Weinstein here.http://www.businessinsider.com/what-is-machine-learning-quick-explainer-2017-11So, what is machine learning anyways? Here's a quick breakdownIf you're keeping up to date on technology news, you're probably seeing references to machine learning everywhere, and for good reason: machine learning is an integral component of the way that computers process information. Machine learning is all around us, informing our day to day lives from the way we navigate Google maps right down to the way we check our inboxes. But what is it exactly, and when did it start being such a big deal? Here's a quick explainer to get you up to date: View As: One Page Slides

There have been two especially important developments in the history of machine learning: the first began with artificial intelligence pioneer Arthur Samuel, who coined the term "machine learning" back in 1959. In 1959, MIT engineer Arthur Samuel described machine learning as a "Field of study that gives computers the ability to learn without being explicitly programmed." Samuel was busy creating his own computing machine: an autonomous checker program that he envisioned would someday beat the top world checker player champion.

The other important development in machine learning? The internet. The advent of the internet presented a trove of accumulated data. With so much information readily available, there seemed but one thing to do: figure out a way to organize it into meaningful patterns — one of machine learning's most integral roles.

Big data is the fundamental building block of machine learning. Big data, is, essentially, exactly what it's called: a ton of data. It's all of the information accrued by social media companies, search engines, and even microphones and cameras that are constantly collecting information.

Algorithms sort through this vast collection of information so that technology can predict what we'll do next. Vast amounts of data inform machine learning algorithms, equipping technology with methods of predicting future patterns. These algorithms provide a way to forecast future behavior and anticipate forthcoming problems. One of the best-known examples of this is Amazon's suggested product feature. It reads your preferences and the buying habits of other people, and then recommends other products you might be interested in.

Machine learning is all about sorting through those troves of collected information to discern patterns and predict new ones. Machine learning differs from human learning, insofar as the machine only knows what you tell it: A computer can't express curiosity or make inferences. For example, if you watch a lot of scifi movies on Netflix, you might find Stranger Things in your suggestion queue. But it's only a matter of math, based on Netflix's data alone — if you've never told Netflix that you love documentaries, or rated one highly, the system will likely never show you one.

But current day iterations of machine learning have radically evolved since the 1600s. Today, machines can learn with only minimal human intervention. Through machine learning, technologists have mimicked the way the human brain works by producing sophisticated systems called neural networks. In turn, neural networks enable deep learning, an outcome that has produced computer systems superseding human intelligence.

Machine learning plays a key role in the development of artificial intelligence. A.I. and machine learning are often conflated, but they're not the same thing. Artificial intelligence refers to a machine's ability to perform intelligent tasks, whereas machine learning refers to the automated process by which machines weed out meaningful patterns in data. Without machine learning, artificial intelligence as we know it wouldn't be possible.http://www.businessinsider.com/jpmorgan-issued-dark-mifid-warning-wall-street-analysts-2017-11The head of JPMorgan’s nearly $2 trillion funds business issued a stark warning for a large group of Wall StreetersMary Erdoes, the head of JPMorgan Chase's $1.9 trillion asset and wealth management business, painted a bleak future for many Wall Street stock analysts at a conference Thursday.

Asset managers like JPMorgan are expected to slash research budgets by as much as 50% in response to European regulatory reform known as MiFID II.

That means money to pay analysts will shrink, leaving only top-tier talent with a higher standard of excellence.

"I was dealing with 10 of you; I don't want 10 of you anymore, I only want the five best of you," Erdoes said.

Wall Street stock analysts are about to find themselves on the chopping block, and only the best will survive.

That was the hard truth Mary Erdoes had for a room full of analysts Thursday at the BancAnalysts Association of Boston Conference.

Erdoes, the head of JPMorgan Chase's $1.9 trillion asset and wealth management business, was asked about impacts from MiFID II — Europe's sweeping financial regulatory changes that will be implemented in 2018 — and painted a future in which asset mangers chop their budgets and only pay for research from top-tier analysts.

"On the buy side, the larger firms will absorb the costs and figure out how that cascades its way through," Erdoes said. "It probably means they'll tighten up a lot on what they spend on sell-side research, which is why the two go hand in hand."

Firms are planning to make cuts because MiFID II requires asset managers pay for research separately from commissions for trading execution, whereas it previously often came bundled with other products.

Most of the largest asset managers, including JPMorgan, are absorbing the multi-million dollar costs and funding the research internally, rather than passing the costs on to their customers.

"I only want the five best of you."

This is bad news for stock analysts, as it could result in a 50% "compression" in research budgets, according to Credit Suisse. That means less money to go around.

Erdoes plainly laid out what happens next: "I was dealing with 10 of you; I don't want 10 of you anymore, I only want the five best of you."

She noted that the sell-side research industry had already contracted massively in recent years, with investment banks spending "50% of what they used to spend."

"So you're the precious few. The rest of them are not here. Maybe this room was five-times bigger before, I don't know," Erdoes told the audience of analysts, many of whom would presumably not be there the following year given the looming cuts.

The upside? The research quality will improve as the fat is trimmed.

"It'll just make the industry better," Erdoes said. "It will constantly get you to excellence and get rid of the less than excellence."

That's the cold hard truth sell-side stock analysts are facing: If you're not in the top-tier, the Mary Erdoes's of the world won't have much use for you anymore.

Some who get edged out, however, will likely find work within buy-side asset managers, she added.

Erdoes also anticipates the number of sell-side research providers will shrink, as the smaller firms will have to price competitively with the larger firms while still paying for top talent.

"It's going to be very difficult for the the bespoke, research-driven firms to be able to do that on the sell side," Erdoes said.http://www.businessinsider.com/uber-rival-lyft-raises-another-500-million-for-115-billion-valuation-2017-11Lyft just raised another $500 million— now it's valued at $11.5 billionUber rival Lyft is raising an additional $500 million in funding, according to a U.S. share authorization document filed in Delaware. Axios was first to report the news.

The additional funding round, led by Alphabet’s CapitalG, is an extension of the $1 billion round announced in October.

Lyft spokesman Adrian Durbin, confirming the funding round, in an e-mailed statement said, “Increasing the potential for this round will allow us to further accelerate our commitment to serving passengers and drivers.”

In October Lyft had said that the previous round of funding boosted its valuation to $11 billion from $7.5 billion. The fresh funding would raise its valuation to $11.5 billion.http://www.businessinsider.com/goldman-sachs-coo-david-solomon-has-a-side-hobby-as-an-edm-dj-2017-10A 55-year-old Goldman Sachs exec started spinning EDM shows, and he said it's helped his career on Wall StreetMore often than not, you're likely to find David Solomon at Goldman Sachs' headquarters in Tribeca, helping run the most prestigious white-collar investment bank on Wall Street, where the COO has been a partner since 1999.

But you might also spy him at The Whales, an Asian-fusion night spot on New York's bustling Lower East Side, donning a T-shirt and a white pair of headphones.

Or, Beautique in Midtown — dubbed a "millionaire playpen" by the New York Post.

But Solomon isn't so much playing with fellow millionaires as he is playing for them — and countless others as well.

The investment banking stalwart has of late been moonlighting as a DJ on the Electronic Dance Music scene, sharing the stage with stars like Paul Oakenfold and, last month, even spinning vinyl at Willow Studios in Los Angeles for the Electronic Music Awards.

Great to get some time on the decks at #theEMAwards. A post shared by DJ D-Sol (@dj_d_sol) on Sep 23, 2017 at 8:32am PDT on Sep 23, 2017 at 8:32am PDT

It's an unorthodox hobby for a high-powered finance exec, a breed that more commonly spends its free time hitting the golf links, curating art, cavorting at charity galas, or jetting off to tony weekend homes in the Hamptons or Martha's Vineyard.

But Solomon has been an audiophile his whole life, as he recently explained in an episode of the podcast "Exchanges at Goldman Sachs."

"I always loved music," Solomon said. "I was a very analog guy, when I was in college, I must have had over 1,000 LPs, vinyl albums."

A lot has changed since Solomon's college days in the early 1980s. The digitization of music over the past 15 years has facilitated easy access to artists and genres that might previously have remained muted or cordoned off to outsiders.

"I think this year I just saw a statistic that 63 percent of all music is being consumed in a streaming form now," Solomon said. "The ability to kind of curate, study, listen to, try different things, expand your horizons, it just went up exponentially. "

That's how you get a guy like Solomon, age 55 and ensconced in the world of high finance, manning the turntables at beach parties in the Bahamas overrun with bikini-clad millennials.

Great fun this weekend spinning at Nipper's in Great Guana Cay. Beautiful day and fun crowd celebrating the 4th. A post shared by DJ D-Sol (@dj_d_sol) on Jul 5, 2017 at 3:54pm PDT on Jul 5, 2017 at 3:54pm PDT

He appears to have been reeled in as much by the business angle and the platforms commanded by top DJs as the sound itself.

Here's Solomon:

"And so as that happened I started getting more and more interested in different kinds of music. Music I really didn't have a lot of experience with. And five, seven years ago, I started really kind of taking note of club and EDM music and what was happening with all the electronic music, and I said: This is really interesting. Big business. And started looking at it, and I said: You know, I like some of this music. And started playing around with it, started reading about these DJs that really had these incredible platforms, and I said: You know what? This looks interesting. And kind of stumbled into it as a hobby, and now I just do it for fun."

He indulges his side hobby about once a month.

The Wall Street veteran says finding and exploring a passion is crucial to longevity in a career known for grinding people down and burning them out.

"If you can't find a way to have passions and pursue those passions and mix them into your professional life and your personal life in some way, shape or form, it's just harder to have the energy to keep on doing this, and to keep moving forward professionally," Solomon said.http://www.businessinsider.com/the-economic-cost-of-brexit-in-gdp-2017-11£72 BILLION: The cost of Brexit is already turning Britain into a second-rung nationBrexit will cost Britain £72 billion in lost economic activity annually, according to an analysis of government figures.

Leaving the EU is already dragging down the British economy.

The UK is now growing more slowly than Japan or Italy.



LONDON — Chancellor Philip Hammond's annual budget, presented yesterday, has finally given Britain the first concrete numbers on the cost of Brexit.

The government's Office for Budget Responsibility published revised GDP growth numbers based on data following the June 2016 referendum. Those new estimates suggest that Brexit will cost Britain £72 billion in lost annual economic activity by 2021, according to an analysis by the Resolution Foundation.

Previously, the best estimate of the economic damage leaving Europe will inflict on the UK came from a private estimate by one of Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union David Davis's advisors, of about £22 billion per year, mostly from extra trade tariffs and barriers.

Here are the new GDP charts from the OBR.

They show other major economies such as the US, the EU, and Canada all growing faster now than they were in the six months prior to the Brexit referendum in 2016. Only in the UK has growth slowed, as the pound lost value and investors hit the pause button. Even Japan, an infamous economic basket case hobbled by years of stagnation, is doing better than the UK:

In terms of sequential GDP growth through Q3 2017, Britain now lags France and debt-ridden Italy, too. This chart of OECD data comes from Michael Baxter of Share Centre:

This next chart shows how much we are forecast to lose in GDP activity every year, based on the difference between the OBR's previous estimate in March and its new estimate, from updated post-referendum data:

The Resolution Foundation says the gap will represent a loss of £72 billion in 2021:

"The economy is now expected to be roughly £42 billion smaller at the start of 2022 than was thought back in March. This downgrade comes on top of the deterioration pencilled in after the Brexit vote of June 2016. As such, the latest GDP projections point to an economy that will be £72 billion (or 3.4 percent) smaller in 2021 than had been projected in March 2016."

That's £72 billion in lost jobs, revenues, consumer spending, and so on.

There are other factors at play, of course. A big one is the UK's chronic lack of productivity, exacerbated by its refusal to allow in the young immigrant workers to generate the income tax receipts its ageing population needs to pay for the NHS and its state pensions.

But the OBR's downward revisions from March to November of this year all come in the post-Brexit-vote period, and the only thing of macroeconomic substance that changed between then and now was the realisation that the UK is headed toward hard Brexit rather than a trade deal that would keep the country closely tied to the single market.http://www.businessinsider.com/hutch-ceo-beatrice-fischel-bock-home-redesign-photos-2017-11This 26-year-old CEO used her own interior design app to redo her entire home in just one week — see the before-and-after photosBeatrice Fischel-Bock, founder and CEO of the interior design startup Hutch, recently used her own app to redesign her home.

The redesign took only one week.

Fischel-Bock was recently featured on Forbes' 30 Under 30 list, in the Retail and Ecommerce category. Beatrice Fischel-Bock, 26, who runs the interior design startup Hutch, knew it was time to give her own home a new look. She lives in a Spanish-style bungalow in West Hollywood, and she was ready to "adultify" it. "I moved into this house in September 2015. It had so much character and was perfect for what I was looking for. I really wanted a place that had some integrity, and especially a place that was very California," she said in a press release. To create a more adult apartment, Fischel-Bock used her own company's app to get the job done in just one week. The 3D designer tool in the Hutch app allows users to visualize how furniture can be placed and what it will look like in the space. Below, take a look at how Fischel-Bock's charming home turned out. View As: One Page Slides

Fischel-Bock began the redesign process in the bedroom, which was mostly white before.

With the redesign, she aimed to create a more feminine, elevated, and relaxed feeling in the bedroom.

Without much color, the room felt barren before.

She added a splash of color with a framed collection above her bed. "My mom is an artist so I have picked up art throughout the years from my travels and visiting local flea markets," she said.

Originally, her bedside lamp had a makeshift addition to help adjust the light.

To add texture and more pops of color, she chose a wooden bedside table and a rose gold lamp.

Her redesigned bedroom includes Parachute Home bedding, West Elm curtains, and a Target side table.

The living room redesign focused on adding new furniture pieces and accents that created texture, like the rug.

She kept it simple with a clean, white couch, but added patterned pillows and a throw blanket to add texture and color.

The dining room includes various items from Cost Plus World Market, including the dining chairs and the lamp shade.

The aqua kitchen is accented with light-green, glass drawer knobs.http://www.businessinsider.com/34-billion-hedge-fund-tourbillon-capital-is-getting-whacked-2017-11Tourbillon Capital, a $3.4 billion hedge fund that's been sounding the alarm about 'frothy speculation,' is suffering big lossesTourbillon Capital is a $3.4 billion New York hedge fund led by Jason Karp.

Karp has been warning of "frothy speculation," in the markets and has been preaching patience.

The firm's flagship fund is down more than 10% for the year to November 17.



Tourbillon Capital, a $3.4 billion hedge fund firm led by Jason Karp, is suffering.

The firm's flagship Global Master fund is down 3.5% for the first 17 days of November, bringing performance for the year to November 17 to a loss of 10.6%, according to a note to investors seen by Business Insider. Its long-only fund was up about 10% through October, Business Insider previously reported.

In an October letter to investors, Karp preached patience, saying the fund saw "a number of warning signs that point to the middle innings of frothy speculation." Those comments echo earlier letters, which have discussed the challenges of managing money in the current bull market.

In the October letter, Karp added that despite this, there are investment opportunities for those willing to look "ugly" for some period of time.

Tourbillon currently manages about $3.4 billion firmwide, including long-only investments.

Before launching Tourbillon, Karp was a portfolio manager at Steve Cohen's SAC Capital and a co-chief investment officer at Carlson Capital.http://www.businessinsider.com/idws-ilana-weinstein-on-recruiting-for-hedge-fund-jobs-2017-11We asked a top hedge-fund recruiter what it takes to get a senior-level job these daysIlana Weinstein is the founder of The IDW Group, which focuses on recruiting investment talent for all kinds of investment strategies.

We asked Weinstein about the biggest trends in the hedge-fund business and how to get a senior-level job today.

"As the industry has become more crowded and efficient, I would argue the definition of talent has gone up," she said.



Ilana Weinstein is a force within the hedge-fund industry, recruiting senior investment talent and C-level staffers for some of the biggest funds. Her firm's approach has gotten a reputation for being the "Don't call us, we'll call you" search firm — something Weinstein is completely fine with.

She founded The IDW Group about 15 years ago. The New York firm recruits investment talent specializing in all kinds of investment strategies, ranging from long-short equity to credit and macro. IDW also recruits for private-equity funds, asset managers, and family offices.

We wanted to get a sense of what it takes to get a top job in money management, and we reached out to Weinstein to get her two cents. She emailed us back with her thoughts. Following is a lightly edited transcript.

Rachael Levy: You are coming up on your 15th year since founding IDW. How have you seen this industry evolve?

Ilana Weinstein: When we started, in the beginning of 2003, the hedge-fund industry was still relatively nascent. There were 3,000 hedge funds compared to 9,000 today. AUM [assets under management] was $500 billion versus $3.4 trillion. That’s explosive growth. Talent doesn’t proliferate like that.

Back then, proprietary trading desks on the sell side were where we went for talent because they were like mini hedge funds and there weren’t enough developed hedge funds to pull from. After the crisis, prop trading became a "no-go" zone at the banks and anyone who was a risk-taker (and any good) left.

Today the war for talent is largely hedge fund to hedge fund, and as the industry has become more crowded and efficient, I would argue the definition of talent has gone up.

There is less alpha in the market, less volatility, less dispersion, and more market participants. If you get five consumer portfolio managers in a room with 20 ideas each, you don’t get 100 ideas. You are lucky if you get five to six. There aren’t enough factors to make 80% of hedge funds do well.

The list of truly investable hedge funds is probably 2% of existing funds. And concentration of AUM reflects this: 10% of hedge funds control 90% of the AUM. That’s a surprising statistic to a lot of people. It also means seismic changes can happen quickly.

We’ve seen big institutional funds like Eton Park and Perry shut down; other large players have had enormous and swift AUM drops. This leads to a recalibration of who the best funds are, and where talent wants to be.

Levy: What is your approach to recruiting?

Weinstein: Think of a Venn diagram with one bubble being best-in-class, stand-out talent, and the other being miserable, disenfranchised players whose résumés are papering the street. We have never cared about the second bubble. We are not in the business of helping people find jobs. The niche IDW has cultivated is to help the best funds attract exceptional talent. We only go after that first bubble. If there is overlap, it's a happy coincidence.

Levy: What are some recent trends you have seen with regard to talent?

Weinstein: We are all about, and only about, cultivating the most talented people in our industry.

Historically, the overlap between those two bubbles was low; as you might expect, talented people sat at what they thought were the best funds and were not receptive to leaving. This made our job difficult because we were only as strong as our ability to create an opportunity that didn't exist where they were.

Now many people are telling us how frustrated they are — so that overlap in my Venn diagram has never been greater. It feels like we at the center of a perfect storm.

It feels like we at the center of a perfect storm.

Even if fund performance is better this year, we are still coming off the back of three to four years where these people outperformed the funds in which they work. If you have multiple years of profit and loss where you were the bulk of your fund’s return — sometimes in its entirety — and then have compensation netted by poor performance in other parts of the fund, you start to question the value proposition.

These last few years have given these investment professionals more experience and confidence and made them more willing to bet on themselves. I recently interviewed someone who referred to this as “labor arbitrage” — his view of how he was being taken advantage of at the fund in which he sits. The risk-reward dynamic of staying and leaving changes. Funds that have the resources and forward-thinking-ness to seize this moment are going to pick up the best people in our business.

Levy: How would you describe the current hiring environment?

Weinstein: Robust! All the doomsayers in 2016 who predicted industry AUM would fall by some big percent were dead wrong. The industry has never managed more capital that it does today. That is the yardstick of health for our business.

However, LP patience is thin, and we are going to see more funds — big ones — shutter or become family offices. There will be a shakeout in this industry, and there should be. Yet overall AUM is growing, so that means those that remain will get bigger and there will be space for new entrants who can build something unique.

That said, you need to be rich to start a hedge fund now, to build something attractive to institutional LPs. The industry is moving to greater scale and more sophistication. Those that can leverage scale and invest in people and systems to drive opportunities will win.

Levy: So if once upon a time the natural progression was to leave and start a fund but that is tougher now, where do these talented people go?

Weinstein: The best platforms are becoming more creative and bespoke about how they attract talent. I liken it to a managed account for an LP. There are accommodations made for someone truly unique — maybe more flexibility with risk parameters, concentration or the ability to invest in privates. More capital out of the gate — resources to build and train a team.

And then economics to take a lot of the risk off the table in the near term and unlimited upside longer term. If the choice is go at it on your own — bang the tin cup for capital, have a never-ending series of marketing meetings — and even if things go well still spend 20% to 30% of your time marketing because there is a natural 10% attrition of capital every year, and on top of this fund this enterprise out of your pocket until you break even (if you ever do) versus be plug and play somewhere, which will give you incredible resources, why take that risk?

And just to underscore that point, we are helping platforms gobble up small funds because the economics and time allocation of marketing versus investing no longer makes sense for these smaller guys.

Similarly, funds that have a real partnership are interesting. “Partner” is an overused and often meaningless title in our industry.

'Partner' is an overused and often meaningless title in our industry.

I can’t tell you the number of partners we meet, from big funds who can barely articulate what it means beyond looking good on their business card. Giving someone small points and then a “jump ball” for more is still a discretionary compensation model, in my view. It’s a convoluted way of saying the same thing. Once you get to a point where you are ready to do your own thing, you want to build something or having a meaningful stake in doing so.

The best platforms get you there as do funds with a real partnership and culture of meritocracy. We recently took a senior guy out of a firm he had been at for 14 years. He left because the founder created a role around him that leveraged his ability to build a business and mentor a team. Joining a $30 billion fund as a partner with a clear path on how to grow that stake and work directly for a founder who is brilliant at what he does and always expanding in ways that complement the fund’s strengths is exciting.

Levy: What has most surprised you in 15 years of interviewing the best people in this business?

Weinstein: How hard it can be to get them to make a move! Even now where they are the most receptive because of this disconnect between their performance and that of their fund, I still see the economic loss-aversion theory at play. These are people who are the most talented at taking risk for a living and yet when it comes to assessing their own career they have an inherent bias to weight the risks of a new opportunity over what they are likely to gain.

It’s amazing how lopsided their thinking can be, but luckily they are also highly rational, so once they wrap their head around what they are doing they can make the leap.

Levy: What is the most misunderstood aspect of the hedge-fund industry by hedge-fund investors?

Weinstein: Four things.

How lean these investment teams are. You can be a $10 billion-plus fund and have a team of five to 10 people if it’s a single-strategy fund. That means it is critical that everyone contribute in a meaningful way, but that is often not the case.

The strength of investment teams is lumpy. You may say so what but when the team is lean it matters. This is obfuscated when fund performance is good because everyone is happy and doing well and there is less individual accounting going on. Over the last few years returns were more challenging and it became clear who the stars are. If they leave it’s a problem.

Right now many talented people are unhappy and in-play LPs should know the hedge-fund industry is like a giant Jenga puzzle. All you need is a few key people to leave, returns drop, and the whole thing comes crashing down. If I’m an LP, I want to know who is key on the team and likelihood of them leaving. I don’t think anyone has this bird’s-eye view but us.

"Turnover" is not a bad word. Founders are often afraid of letting people go because of the perception of turnover by LPs. LPs should encourage founders to prune their team. This also makes room for talented people to grow and not be as vulnerable to our call. The key is for LPs to diligence who drove the turnover (founder or the person who left) and what the reputation is of the person leaving. The story that gets spun after the fact is often not the reality.

Levy: What do you think investment professionals in this industry most underestimate about themselves?

Weinstein: How difficult the transition is from analyst to portfolio manager to founder. These are different skill sets and people overrate their ability to make these transitions. An analyst is an idea generator. Once he becomes a portfolio manager he is no longer deploying capital through the lens of the founder. He is now responsible for portfolio construction, sizing, and hedging. The buck stops with him. I can’t tell you the number of people who don’t fully appreciate this ahead of time and flame out. As a founder you are building a team, running a business and dealing with LPs. There is little about an investment professional’s training that prepares him for this.

My second point is one I see talent becoming savvier about and that is how quickly things can change. Now that they have seen several large funds shut down and others struggling, there is more awareness about asking the right questions about where they sit.

Just because it’s a big, brand-name fund that doesn’t mean it is a stable seat. They need to look around and ask: "Are our returns differentiated? Are talented people likely to leave? Is the founder committed to investing in people, resources, and technology — effectively the future? Or is he just resting on his laurels?" That’s the kind of stuff we help people see through. Inertia is a killer and it’s a shame for a talented person not to be everything he can because he doesn’t have broader perspective.

Levy: What is critical for founders to know to hang on to their best people?

Weinstein: Founders need to provide their people with four things.

Impact: Their people need to feel like they can impact the bottom line. Even if the founder is the ultimate arbiter of how capital is deployed, if he has the right team they should be able to influence these decisions in a material way. Transparency: Clarity around how they are measured; what they need to do to progress; why and how capital gets allocated. This is a pay-for-performance culture, and people need to feel connected to the results of the fund as well on their own trajectory. Scope: Measured by remit and access to capital. As people progress they want to do more — maybe it’s a sector PM who now wants to expand to other sectors. Founders need to find a way to let talented people develop, or they will lose them. Compensation: Obviously an important one and you need to know the market and be in line with that but if the above three are in good shape this one usually is too. It’s also the easiest one for a founder to fix.

Levy: What advice would you give to a young person coming out of school who wants to join a hedge fund? What kind of educational background are funds looking for now?

Weinstein: Focus on what lights you up — not the dollar signs. There are thousands of hedge funds, and most won’t make it.

There are thousands of hedge funds, and most won’t make it.

It’s like the dot-com bubble when I was coming out of school. Unless you live and breathe investing and everything that goes on in your area of interest, this is not for you. What I am most inspired by is passion. This manifests itself through someone who is on fire about what is evolving in his industry, sector, how committed he is. I know it when I see it.

I wouldn’t worry much about majors. School is a time to expand your horizons and learn how to think. That skill set and flexibility will serve you better as an investor than any individual class. I have had a few founders disparage the value of an MBA. They would rather the person spent those two years in an investing seat going through different markets. As an MBA myself I am mixed on that, but I understand the point.

Levy: What career advice would you give in general?

Weinstein:Always work harder than everyone else so you know you gave it your all. Very few people consistently put in 110%. It takes discipline but it’s worth it. It goes to the concept of grit too. I always tell my 13-year-old: "Being smart doesn’t count for much unless you pair that with exceptional effort." I didn’t have much growing up — I went to Stuyvesant High, which fostered an immigrant survivor culture — there was no safety net. No one was going to help me so I had to do it myself. That sense of needing to make it work also builds confidence because you see what you can do on your own and overcome.

That sense of needing to make it work also builds confidence because you see what you can do on your own and overcome.

It gives you the confidence to take risks. I wouldn’t be where I am if not for that set of experiences.

You also have to keep moving forward and not take things personally. I deal with a lot of colorful and sometimes intense personalities. I won’t deal with bad people, but other than that I can pretty much handle anything! It sounds clichéd, but it is true. If things don’t go your way, pick yourself up and move on. You will learn from it and do better next time. Don’t get bogged down in negativity.

As my dad often said: "Don’t sweat the small stuff. It’s all small stuff." I have to remind myself of that sometimes because I care deeply about what I do, but dwelling on negative things is not productive.

Weinstein: What was the most formative moment in your career?

Levy: I was at a big search firm and thinking about starting my own company. I didn’t know if I could build a business but knew I was good at what I did. I asked a client if he worked with me because of me or the fact that I was part of a big firm. I don’t know if he knew what was behind my question but he said, “Ilana I don’t even know the name of your firm.” Of course he was being cute but it gave me the confidence to go for it.

Levy: Why are there so few women in investing seats, and what needs to be done to change that?

Weinstein: I gave a lecture on the hedge-fund industry at Wharton earlier this year, and one of the female students asked me that. I in turn asked how many women in the room wanted to join a hedge fund, and barely any hands went up. I then asked how many men, and about 70% of the guys raised their hands.

So there is self-selection going on which makes the pool shallow. You then factor in attrition, and by the time we get there we have very few talented women to pull from.

I can tell you, founders do want more women, but this is a meritocracy — they have a fiduciary duty to their LPs to hire the best possible person. If we had more women electing to go into the industry, we would have better numbers. It’s also a circular loop — women don’t see many female role models, so this dampens their interest. That being said, I do think there is something to this industry still being relatively young.

Look at law, medicine, banking, and consulting. They all have better female representation in senior roles. When I was at Harvard, the MBA class was roughly 30% female. Now I am told it is closer to 50%. So hopefully this is something that changes over time, but we have to do a better job of encouraging talented women to join from the get-go.http://www.businessinsider.com/r-update-1-moves-hsbc-investment-banker-westerman-leaves-2017-11Top investment banker Matthew Westerman leaves HSBC less than two years after joiningMatthew Westerman was HSBC's co-head of global banking for just under two years.

His departure from the bank was announced in an internal memo by chief executive Samir Assaf.

It is thought that Westerman did not fit inthe collegiate culture at the bank.



LONDON, Nov 23 (IFR) - Matthew Westerman, HSBC's co-head of global banking, is leaving the British bank, less than two years after his high-profile arrival from Goldman Sachs.

HSBC did not give any reason for his departure in an internal memo from Samir Assaf, chief executive of HSBC's global banking and markets, which was seen by IFR.

His global banking co-head Robin Phillips will assume day-to-day management of the business after a period of transition, the memo said.

Westerman had clashed with other people at the bank and had not fit in with HSBC's more collegiate culture, according to one person who worked with him.

Westerman was hired by Stuart Gulliver and was close to the outgoing chief executive. Gulliver is stepping down as CEO in February after seven years in charge, to be replaced by John Flint, the head of retail banking and wealth management.

Westerman did not immediately respond to an email request for comment.

He was hired in February 2016 and was seen as a potential candidate to step up and run the investment bank at some point in the future.

Westerman spent 16 years at Goldman, where he was most recently chairman of its investment banking division in Europe, Middle East and Africa. Sources said at the time he had planned to retire from Goldman, when the call came from HSBC.

His arrival at HSBC was a surprise, but he had had close ties to HSBC and Gulliver for some time, as Goldman was HSBC's corporate broker and he worked on the bank's £12.8 billion rights issue in 2009 and other transactions.

Assaf said in the memo that Westerman had made a "significant contribution" to re-shaping the global banking business alongside Phillips.

They had "together driven improved financial and market share performance and reinvigorated our approach to collaboration in global banking and markets, as well as across commercial banking," the memo said.

But Westerman had sharpened divisions at the bank, including with bonus payments, Bloomberg reported. It said he had introduced a harsher end-of-year review procedure and promoted a smaller percentage of candidates to managing director.http://www.businessinsider.com/r-airbus-ceo-questioned-in-kazakh-deal-investigation-reports-2017-11Airbus CEO questioned in Kazakh deal investigation: reportsPARIS (Reuters) - French anti-corruption investigators questioned Airbus Chief Executive Tom Enders and three other company executives as witnesses in an investigation centered on the sale of satellites to Kazakhstan in 2010, according to media reports on Thursday.

Enders was interviewed in early October by anti-corruption investigators in Nanterre, close to Paris, as was Chairman Denis Ranque, Mediapart, France Inter and Der Spiegel reported.

Authorities are probing an alleged suspect payment linked to the satellite deal, Mediapart reported, adding that Enders and the other executives were not alleged to have any role in it.

"We have no comment to make other than that we are fully co-operating with authorities," a spokesman for Airbus said.

Enders is grappling with scrutiny over Airbus's sales practices after the company uncovered inaccuracies in its filings to U.S. regulators over arms technology sales. That came on top of existing bribery investigations in France and Britain over the use of middlemen in jetliner sales. [nL8N1N60W2]

France and Germany each hold 11 percent of Airbus.

France's finance minister said recently that Enders had the confidence of Airbus's board, while the German government has also rebuffed speculation about Enders's future.

(Reporting by Sarah White and Cyril Altmeyer; Editing by Adrian Croft)http://www.businessinsider.com/trump-gop-tax-reform-bill-analysis-reviews-text-2017-11The GOP tax plan got a triple whammy of brutal reviewsThree new analyses of the Senate's Tax Cuts and Jobs Act all delivered bad news for Republican leaders.

The Tax Policy Center found that more than 50% of Americans would see a tax increase in 2027 under the bill.

Only one out of 42 economists surveyed by the University of Chicago's Booth School of Business said the bill would increase economic growth substantially.

The Penn-Wharton Budget Model found that the bill would blow a hole in the federal deficit.



While Congress is on a weeklong Thanksgiving break, the breakneck speed of the Republican push to overhaul the US tax code has taken a bill close to passing in the Senate.

The latest version of the chamber's Tax Cuts and Jobs Act passed the Senate Finance Committee last Thursday, and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has said he wants to bring the bill for a full Senate vote when lawmakers return from the recess.

But on Tuesday, Republicans were hit with something of a triple whammy: Three different groups offered critical analyses of the bill's potentially negative effects on the federal budget, Americans' taxes, and the broader US economy. While the Senate is still expected to make changes to the legislation, each of the new studies shows that the Senate's bill has some significant underlying problems.

Tax Policy Center says it would raise taxes on half of Americans

Perhaps the most damning of the new reports came from the Urban Institute and Brookings Institution's Tax Policy Center.

The nonpartisan group's analysis of the legislation found that while all income groups would get a tax cut from the bill in the short term and long term, many Americans would see their taxes increase. From the report:

In 2019: Americans, on average, would see their taxes cut by $1,300, an increase in take-home pay of 1.7%. Americans in the middle quintile of income earners — $50,000 to $87,000 a year — would get a tax cut of $850, on average, and receive 18.4% of the tax cuts' benefits. People in the top 1% of incomes, more than $750,000 a year, would see a cut of $34,130, on average, and receive 17.6% of the bill's total benefit.

Americans, on average, would see their taxes cut by $1,300, an increase in take-home pay of 1.7%. Americans in the middle quintile of income earners — $50,000 to $87,000 a year — would get a tax cut of $850, on average, and receive 18.4% of the tax cuts' benefits. People in the top 1% of incomes, more than $750,000 a year, would see a cut of $34,130, on average, and receive 17.6% of the bill's total benefit. In 2027: The bill's proposed sunset of the individual tax cuts, combined with other changes to the code, means benefits would be substantially less for the middle class. The average cut for all Americans would be just $300, and 50.3% of American households would actually see their taxes increase by this point. Those in the middle quintile of earners would see a tax cut of just $50, on average, and 65.6% of these people would see their taxes go up. People in the top 1% of income earners, however, would still get a tax cut of $32,510, on average, and would receive 61.8% of the total tax benefits from the plan. Just 16.8% of people in the top 1% would see a tax increase.

Economists do not think the bill will grow the economy

Trump and Republicans have argued that the cuts in the plan would stimulate economic growth and even help "pay for" its new spending. Most economists aren't buying the rosy projections.

But according to the IGM Forum survey of 42 academic economists by the University of Chicago's Booth School of Business, only one economist agreed that "US GDP will be substantially higher a decade from now" than under the current baseline. In fact, 52% disagreed or strongly disagreed that the bill would lead to significant economic growth, and 36% were uncertain.

And when asked whether the "US debt-to-GDP ratio will be substantially higher" in 10 years under the bill compared with current law, 88% of the economists agreed or strongly agreed, 2% were uncertain, and the rest abstained.

Penn-Wharton budget model says the bill would blow a hole in the deficit

The final rough analysis for the legislation came from a new report from the University of Pennsylvania, using its Penn-Wharton Budget Model to assess the budgetary effects of the bill.

While Trump administration officials say the legislation would pay for itself, some Senate Republicans have been hesitant to support the bill over concerns that it would cause a massive increase in the federal debt.

The Penn model found that the bill would increase the federal deficit by $1.327 trillion over the first 10 years after it becomes law (not including debt-service costs). Even when factoring in the economic boost from the tax cuts, according to the report, the bill would still add $1.271 trillion in debt.

Either way, the model concludes that much like the House version of the bill, the Senate bill would not come close to paying for itself.http://www.businessinsider.com/lamborghini-huracan-spyder-review-pictures-details-2017-11We drove a $314,000 Lamborghini Huracan Spyder — here's what impressed us most about the supercarThe Lamborghini Huracan Spyder starts at around $262,000, but our option heavy test car cost nearly $314,000.

The Huracan Spyder is the drop-top variant of Lamborghini's hot-selling entry-level supercar.

Our Huracan test car delivered Lamborghini performance with an extra dose of sunshine.

Before it's all said and done, the Huracan will be the best selling Lamborghini supercar of all time. In just three years, Lamborghini has sold more than 9,000 Huracans worldwide. It took Lamborghini a decade to sell 14,000 Gallardos, the current record holder. And it's not hard to see why it's so popular with the brand's customers. The Huracan is fast and agile with smoldering good looks and an intoxicating exhaust note. In 2015, Lambo's entry-level offering was a runner-up for our Car of the Year Award that year. But what happens when you chop the top off the Huracan? Did the lack soft-top muzzle the Huracan's sparkling personality or spoil its stylish silhouette? To find out, we spent a week with a Balloon White Huracan Spyder. View As: One Page Slides

The Facts The Lamborghini Huracan Spyder is powered by 5.2-liter, naturally aspirated V10 producing 602 horsepower. The Lambo gets all that power to the road through a seven-speed twin-clutch gearbox and an advanced all-wheel-drive system. The Huracan is also available in rear-wheel-drive. However, that version gets a detuned 572 horsepower version of the same engine. According to Lamborghini, the all-wheel-drive Huracan can hit 62 mph in a blistering 3.4 seconds and reach a top speed of 201 mph. The Huracan Spyder starts at a shade over $262,000 with our option laden test car coming out to nearly $314,000.

Raising the roof Like its corporate cousin, the Audi R8 Spyder, the Huracan gets a tough canvas roof instead of a folding metal affair popular among high-priced drop tops these days. The top is available in three colors; black, brown, and red. Our test car came with the red top. The electro-hydraulic roof can be raised and lowered in just 17 seconds at speeds up to 31 mph. As with any convertible, the minute the roof is lopped off, chassis rigidity is compromised. Even with heavy-duty chassis reinforcements to make up for the missing roof, performance is lacking when compared to the coupe counterpart. The question is whether or not Lamborghini has done enough to overcome that. Well, I can honestly say, yes. The carbon fiber and aluminum-intensive chassis feels rock solid. Lamborghini claims the Huracan Spyder's chassis is 40% stiffer than its predecessor, the Gallardo Spyder. Scuttle shake was nowhere to be found. Even on New Jersey's notoriously pot hole heavy roads. ("Scuttle shake" is annoying vibrations commonly exhibited by cars with lower chassis rigidity that experience too much flex.)

The experience On the road, the Huracan Spyder is superb. The heart of this beast is the naturally aspirated V10, shared with the Audi R8. As loud and enthusiastic as the motor is in the Audi, in the Lambo its dialed up to 11. There's an added level of raw power and emotion that simply doesn't exist in the Audi. Best of all, there are no turbochargers around to disturb the velvety smooth power delivery of the V10 nor are they present to muffle the sweet music of the ten-cylinder symphony. The twin-clutch gearbox pairs well with the broad powerband of the engine like the dry red and juicy steak. Around the corners, the Huracan Spyder remains well behaved and composed even when pushed to its limits. The all-wheel-drive Lambo is so docile that my colleague Matt DeBord felt that this raging bull was simply not angry enough. However, anyone looking to spend time sideways in a Lamborghini should take a look at the less powerful, but wilder rear-wheel-drive Huracan. Retract the top and the Huracan Spyder takes it to a whole another level. With the air whizzing past you, the rumble of the V10 resonating behind your hear, and a kiss of sunshine on your forehead Lamborghini motoring en plein air is something to be experienced.http://www.businessinsider.com/uber-company-scandals-and-controversies-2017-11Uber is in hot water after a major cyberattack cover-up — here's the long list of scandals the company has weathered so farUber is plagued by a long list of scandals, ranging from reports of sexual harassment to aggressive strategies to take down the competition.

The company has recently been in the news for the wrong reasons, dealing with sexual harassment claims, the loss of executives including its CEO, and most recently a cyber attack cover-up.

However, Uber has been creating controversy far before 2017.

Uber is in hot water after a cover-up scandal involving a major security breach. The ride-hailing company paid hackers $100,000 to cover up a cyberattack that exposed 57 million people's personal data in October 2016, Bloomberg reported Tuesday. And, while passengers and drivers only found out this week, ex-CEO Travis Kalanick reportedly found out about the breach last year. This is far from the first time executives' decisions have blown up in Uber's face. Uber's scandals range from arguably unethical business strategies to sexual assault allegations. Here's an attempt to understand exactly what Uber has done to become a $68 billion company. Biz Carson contributed to an earlier version of this story. View As: One Page Slides

October 2010: UberCab receives its first cease and desist According to New York Magazine's extensive list of Uber's ups and downs, the company's first scandal came before the startup changed its name from UberCab to Uber. Four months after launching in San Francisco, the San Francisco Metro Transit Authority & the Public Utilities Commission of California issued a cease and desist order. UberCab changed its name to Uber. Six years later, San Francisco would have roughly 45,000 Uber drivers, compared to just 2,026 licensed taxis.

January 2012: Uber gets slammed in its first major surge pricing backlash Uber told customers that prices would increase due to increased demand on New Years Eve. However, people were still furious when they were forced to pay three to six-times the normal amount to get a ride.

November 2012: Prices soar during Hurricane Sandy With most public transportation down in New York City, Ubers were in high demand, leading to prices doubling. After being accused to price gouging, the company made prices revert back to normal, while continuing to pay drivers two times the rate.

September 2013: A passenger accuses an Uber driver of choking her Washington, D.C., resident Bridget Todd tweeted that a driver grabbed her out of the car by her throat because she was kissing her "white husband." The driver said that Todd was extremely intoxicated and had been behaving aggressively, and a fight had broken out between them. Valleywag reported that CEO Travis Kalanick emailed the company's press team at the time, blaming the media for thinking that Uber is "somehow liable for these incidents that aren't even real in the first place."

December 2013: Uber drivers file a lawsuit against the company The suit, filed on behalf of 350,000 current and former Uber drivers in California and Massachusetts, claims that drivers should be treated as employees, not contract workers. If the drivers were to be considered employees, Uber would have to pay minimum wage and provide benefits such as health insurance. The case was settled out of court in 2016.

January 2014: Uber employees purposefully waste rival drivers' time "Uber employees have been posing as pedestrians, creating Gett accounts for the sole purpose of scheduling and then canceling Gett rides," Valleywag's Sam Biddle reported. "The result is clear: wasted time for Gett drivers, fewer available rides for Gett users, and general disarray for the whole service." According to Valleywag, top Uber executives in New York City were allegedly involved in the plan and would try and convince the drivers to work for Uber. At the time, Uber called the strategy a "sales tactic" that got "too aggressive."

January 2014: Reports emerge that an Uber driver accused of assault has a criminal record Pando reported that an Uber driver who allegedly called a user a "dirty Mexican faggot" had a "criminal record, including felony and misdemeanor charges, and at least one felony conviction involving prison time."

February 2014: Kalanick calls Uber "Boob-er," prompting questions regarding the company's treatment of women A GQ profile of the CEO reads: "When I tease him about his skyrocketing desirability, he deflects with a wisecrack about women on demand: 'Yeah, we call that Boob-er.'" In the same profile, Kalanick says he'd rather be clubbing than working when he's in Miami. Unsurprisingly, many saw this as a red flag for the company's culture.

August 2014: Uber is slammed for trying to undermine Lyft The Verge reported: "Uber is arming teams of independent contractors with burner phones and credit cards as part of its sophisticated effort to undermine Lyft and other competitors." Similar to attempts to waste Gett drivers' time, Uber reportedly used this as a strategy to undermine Lyft and other rivals.

October 2014: Uber is criticized for sexism after "hot chicks" promotion Uber's branch in Lyon, France debuted a promotion to pair Uber customers with "hot chick" drivers. After backlash, the promotion was quickly killed and scrubbed from the internet. "I am not surprised that someone inside the company took Kalanick's callous attitude towards female riders and comments like 'Boober' to mean that shocking level of exploitation and disrespect was appropriate — that it would even be celebrated by HQ," Pando's Sarah Lacy wrote of the incident.

November 2014: A senior executives suggest the company should dig up dirt on reporters that cover Uber BuzzFeed reported that Emil Michael, then Uber’s senior vice president of business, suggested that Uber should invest in opposition research on reporters during a private dinner he believed to be off the record. "Over dinner, he outlined the notion of spending 'a million dollars' to hire four top opposition researchers and four journalists," BuzzFeed reported. "That team could, he said, help Uber fight back against the press — they'd look into 'your personal lives, your families,' and give the media a taste of its own medicine." Michael said he regretted the comments and that they didn't reflect his or Uber's views.

December 2014: Uber is banned in Delhi after rape accusation The region of India banned Uber after a passenger reported that she was taken to a secluded area and raped by her driver.

May 2015: Uber reportedly poaches 50 employees from Carnegie Mellon’s top robotics lab The Verge reported: "Uber snatched up about 50 people from Carnegie Mellon, including many from its highest ranks. That's an unusually high number of people to leave at once, and accounted for about a third of the staff NREC had at the end of last year."

June 2015: French taxi drivers slam Uber as "economic terrorism" French officials investigated the company and taxi drivers strike to protest the company's attempts to expand its low-cost UberPOP service. "'Economic terrorism' is the favored term of Parisian taxi drivers for Uber’s lower prices, flexible hours and the way it is operating outside French law," the New York Times reported. French courts cracked down on Uber, and UberPOP was discontinued in the country.

January 2016: Uber strikes a settlement following concerns regarding 'God View' tracking In November 2014, Buzzfeed reported that Uber had tracked one of its reporters using a tool nicknamed "God View" that allowed the company to track cars and see personal information of the drivers in the cars. Uber struck a settlement with the New York Attorney General, ending an investigation into the company's privacy practices, including its use of "God View." The company paid a $20,000 fine for not disclosing a data breach in a timely manner. It also removed personal information from tracking and limited which employees could use the tool.

February 2016: Uber agrees to pay $28.5 million to end a lawsuit about safety ads Uber agreed to pay $28.5 million to 25 million riders after plaintiffs in two lawsuits argued the company misled customers about safety practices. As part of the settlement, Uber must refrain from using certain superlatives like "industry-leading" or "best in class" when describing its background checks.

February 2016: Uber driver accused of shooting eight people Uber driver Jason Dalton is accused of shooting eight people, six fatally, around Kalamazoo, Michigan. Dalton had no criminal history and passed Uber's background checks. Dalton's rating as an Uber driver was "good," according to its chief security officer, Joe Sullivan. In March, Dalton blamed Uber for the attack when he said to investigators that the app made him "like a puppet."

May 2016: Uber pulls out of Austin, Texas after teaming up with Lyft to spend more than $8 million campaigning to change laws in the city Voters ultimately backed a law that requires drivers to get fingerprint background checks, despite Uber and Lyft's expensive campaign against the measure.

August 2016: Judge rejects Uber's $100 million settlement with drivers In April, Uber announced that it had agreed to settle a court case brought by drivers in California and Massachusetts for $84 million — $100 million if the company goes public at a higher valuation. "Judge Edward Chen denied the plaintiff's motion to settle the case, saying that it was neither fair nor accurate, citing the tipping policy as one change not nearly as valuable as the settlement had suggested," Business Insider reported at the time.

December 2016: Kalanick announces he will join Trump's economic-advisory council, along with other business leaders In January, the #DeleteUber movement led to a flurry of account deletions by customers upset about the company's ties to President Trump. The company lost more than 200,000 customers in just one weekend.

February 2017: A female engineer who used to work at Uber publishes a blog post about sexual harassment and gender inequality at the company Susan Fowler writes in a blog post that she was sexually harassed at Uber and experienced gender bias during her time at the company. She claims a manager propositioned her and asked for sex, but she says her complaints to Uber's human resources department were dismissed because the manager was a high performer. Uber CEO Travis Kalanick immediately pledges to look into Fowler's allegations, and the company hires Eric Holder, a former US attorney general, to lead an independent investigation into its workplace culture. In a follow-up story, The New York Times reported Uber employees allegedly did cocaine during a company retreat and a manager had to be fired after groping multiple women.

February 2017: Uber investors blast the company for cultural shortcomings In an open letter to Uber's investors and board, Freada and Mitch Kapor say Uber has ignored their years long behind-the-scenes efforts to positively influence the company's culture. "We are speaking up now because we are disappointed and frustrated; we feel we have hit a dead end in trying to influence the company quietly from the inside," the Kapors write.

February 2017: Another ride-hailing service sues Uber over claims of property theft Waymo, formerly Google's self-driving-car division, accuses Uber of using stolen technology to advance its own autonomous-car development. The suit claims a team of ex-Google engineers stole Waymo's design for the laser sensor that allows self-driving cars to map the environment around them.

February 2017: Kalanick is caught fighting with an Uber drive on camera Bloomberg publishes a video showing Kalanick losing his cool in an argument with an Uber driver after the driver confronted him about reduced fares. Kalanick issues a "profound" apology and says he'll seek leadership help. "My job as your leader is to lead…and that starts with behaving in a way that makes us all proud," he wrote in his apology note. "That is not what I did, and it cannot be explained away. This is the first time I've been willing to admit that I need leadership help and I intend to get it."

March 2017: The New York Times reveals Uber has been secretly deceiving authorities for years with a tool called 'Greyball' Uber used the tool to evade authorities, particularly at times when city regulators were trying to block the ride-hailing service, according to a report by The Times' Mike Isaac. The tool collected data from Uber's app to identify and evade officials in cities like Boston, Paris, and Las Vegas. The Times reports that the program was used in markets where Uber was banned or being resisted by law enforcement.

March 2017: Executives flee the company Five executives left the company in less than a month in late February and early March, including Uber's senior vice president of engineering Amit Singhal, who stepped down amid allegations of sexual harassment. Singhal, who passed Uber's standard background checks before joining the company, strenuously denied the allegations.

March 2017: Travis Kalanick's visit to a Seoul escort-karaoke bar is revealed A report by The Information describes a 2014 visit by an Uber team to an escort-karaoke bar in Seoul. According to the report, "four male Uber managers picked women out of the group, calling out their numbers, and sat with them." After the evening, a female Uber employee told the company's HR department the trip made her uncomfortable, according to the report.

April 2017: A report claims Apple CEO Tim Cook had threatened to yank Uber's app from the App Store The New York Times reports Cook accused Uber of violating the App Store's terms and conditions. Uber had incorporated into its app a small piece of code that could identify particular phones, even if after they had been wiped of their data. The ride-hailing company had included the code to prevent fraud, according to the report. The software allowed the company to detect if someone was using the same phone over and over again but wiping it repeatedly to take advantage of promo codes.

May: Uber has to pay out millions after a bad accounting error Uber reveals an accounting mistake caused it to shortchange its drivers in New York City for years. Uber tells drivers in New York City it will repay them "tens of millions" of dollars after it took more than its share of the fares customers paid for rides. On average, most drivers in the city will receive about $900, the company says.

June: Uber fires over 20 people for bad behavior Uber fires more than 20 employees as a result of its internal investigation. The company says it received 215 complaints during its inquiry into inappropriate behavior at its workplace, with the highest number of complaints related to discrimination, sexual harassment, and unprofessional behavior.

June 7: Uber fires a senior executive for carrying around Indian rape victim's medical records Uber fires its head of Asia business, Eric Alexander. Alexander had been reportedly carrying around the medical records of a rape victim from India for a year and had shown them to other top executives. Uber's top executives, including Kalanick, allegedly looked at the records and pointed to them while internally questioning whether the rape occurred, according to a report in Recode. The executives also speculated that one of Uber's rivals in India could have been using the report of the rape to undermine the company there, according to the report. A day later the victim sues Uber over the mishandling of her private information.

June 8: The infamous "Miami Letter" becomes public Recode publishes an internal message the CEO sent before the 2013 event. Reading a lot like what a college fraternity president might send out to his brothers, the email, which Kalanick sent out to hundreds of employees before the 2013 event and again the following year, spelled out company rules about drinking and sex.

June: Uber's business chief and Kalanick confidant is pushed out Uber's business chief Emil Michael is forced to resign amid board pressure, bringing the number of executives to leave the company since the beginning of the year to an even dozen. Emil Michael had overseen Uber's broader business strategy, including its partnerships and fundraising. Michael, who was known to have a direct role in several of Uber's scandals, resigns as the company nears the completion of its internal investigation. He blames the board, and not his own behavior, for his departure from the company, Bloomberg reports.

July 2017: Kalanick reportedly says he plans to return as CEO just a month after stepping down Kalanick resigned as Uber's CEO in June after investors demanded that he step down following an internal investigation into the company's culture. The ex-CEO told several people at the company that he was "Steve Jobs-ing it", a reference to the cofounder of Apple who was fired from the company but later returned and turned it into the world's most valuable firm, according to Recode. Board members later shot down rumors that Kalanick would return.

August 2017: Reports emerge that Uber knowingly rented cars that were at risk of catching fire to its drivers in Singapore A Wall Street Journal report that says internal emails show Uber managers in Singapore were aware of a April 2016 recall on Honda's Vezel SUV, but continued to rent the cars to drivers without fixing the defect. Honda recalled the car because it could catch on fire. It's unclear whether Uber executives in San Francisco or then-CEO Travis Kalanick knew of the recall.

August 2017: A VC files a lawsuit against Kalanick An early Uber investor, Benchmark Capital, sued Kalanick over claims he committed fraud in 2016. The suit centers on the creation of three additional board seats at Uber in June 2016, which Benchmark argued Kalanick is using to slow down his exit from the company.

September 2017: Uber loses its license to operate in London "Transport for London said Uber was not 'fit and proper' to hold a license," Business Insider UK reported. "It said the company's approach to reporting serious driver offenses, approach to driver medical and safety checks, and use of its secret 'Greyball' software to dodge transport officials all contributed to its decision."

August 2017: US Justice Department announces investigation into whether Uber violated foreign-bribery laws The DOJ is examining allegations that Uber may have violated the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. The law makes it illegal for individuals and organizations to pay foreign government officials in order to obtain or retain business. Bloomberg and Reuters both reported that the American ride-hailing company has been looking into multiple payments in Indonesia, Malaysia, and elsewhere.

October 2017: News breaks Apple gave Uber's app 'unprecedented' access to sensitive Apple features that can record iPhone screens "Uber's iPhone app has a secret back door to powerful Apple features, allowing the ride-hailing service to potentially record a user's screen and access other personal information without their knowledge," Business Insider reported. "This access to special iPhone functions — which are so powerful that Apple almost always keeps them off-limits to outside companies — is not disclosed in any consumer-facing information included with Uber's app."http://www.businessinsider.com/best-insider-advice-black-friday-shoppers-2017-11Black Friday workers share their 12 best tips for shoppersIf you want to score the best deals and not get taken for a ride this Black Friday, who better to turn to for advice than the people with extensive knowledge on the matter? So Business Insider asked more than 40 Black Friday workers to share their best advice for shoppers and what mistakes they should avoid. Here are 12 tips that could help you get the most out of your Black Friday shopping experience. View As: One Page Slides

Unless you plan to be one of the first people in line, don't bother camping out or lining up "The big-deal items are very limited, so unless you're one of the first 10 in line, you're probably not going to get it. The rest of the products are still there a few hours later. And if you don't like crowds or waiting, stay home and order online or wait until Friday afternoon when it's slower in the stores."

The same goes for whether you want the doorbuster "Unless there's a doorbuster you need, don't waste your time. Cyber Monday has some good deals, too, and you can camp out for those deals in your pajamas in bed."

Plan ahead "On Black Friday so many people underestimate the time and energy it takes to do marathon shopping. If you are going with someone else, be sure they are as committed or as not committed to the experience as you are. "Taking two cars is probably a good idea. "Plan out your day: Where to go first, when to take a break, how long you want to be out. Give yourself extra time, too. Everything will take twice as long as you think. Be patient and be forgiving. Wear comfy shoes, and hydrate, hydrate, hydrate!"

Come prepared "If you drive a small car, please rent a larger one, because that 65-inch TV won't fit in the back of your car."

Do your research on what you want "One of the biggest mistakes people make is buying items without really looking into them. "Some of the computer systems on sale, for example, contain about half the new tech of similar ones, and if you waited, the prices would be comparable later on. "And many of the Black Friday sale tablets are often stripped models that have limited use. They're great to play games on, but forget hitting the internet or other uses."

And be aware of what you're really getting "Most of the bigger deals are actually outdated products. Yeah, you have your new tablets and phones, but those will be very limited in both how many there are and how much you can save. Most of the biggest and most tempting savings come from products that are at least a year old or more and they have to clear out the inventory in the warehouses." According to a study from NerdWallet, 93% of stores offered customers at least one product for the exact same price in 2014 as in their 2013 Black Friday ad.

Don't be duped by sale prices "The stuff is marked up from the original cost and then marked down to make people think they are getting a deal." According to The Wall Street Journal, retailers will slightly increase on the "normal" price of an item in the days before their Black Friday sales so that the discounts appear deeper. In fact, The Journal reported an 8% increase in a fifth of the sale items it tracked before Black Friday and a 23% uptick in the presale prices of toys and tools.

Don't fall for stores' tricks to get you to buy more "At higher-end stores, don't fall for the freebie prosecco or Pellegrino. Stores just want to keep you in there longer so you'll spend money." This isn't the only trick stores use to get you to spend more during the holiday season. "The stores are really desperate for your business and will stop at nothing to upsell you. "Where I worked, HQ would set next-to-impossibly high sales goals that each store was responsible for hitting. We were instructed that once we had someone on the line with money to spend, to 'keep her naked' in the dressing room and constantly bring her different colors, accessories, shoes, jewelry, Pellegrino, the works. The idea was that the more she tried on, the more you told her it to look great, the more she'd spend."

Some of the best deals are in the clearance section "The sales the day of aren't any better than the sales the week of. And sales, in general, aren't all that great. A lot of stuff is marked up to make it look like the Black Friday discounts are better than they actually are. If you really want a deal, look at the clearance section."

Be nice or pay the price "Black Friday shoppers tend to bang on doors, assuming that if they cause enough chaos, they will be allowed in. "Banging on the door will make all of us hate you. As in, if there is a chance to make your shopping experience a little more difficult via small, passive-aggressive actions, we will do it. Think $50 and $100 bill checks, 'a slow register,' and 'Aw, we just ran out of gift wrapping.' "All I can offer is, be nice. No one chooses to work the day after Thanksgiving."

Relax "I think everyone needs to have a lot of patience on Black Friday and enjoy the fun of shopping instead of making it stressful."http://www.businessinsider.com/r-workers-at-amazons-main-italian-site-to-hold-first-strike-on-black-friday-2017-11Workers at Amazon's main Italian site to hold first strike on Black FridayMILAN (Reuters) - Workers at Amazon's main distribution hub in Italy are planning their first ever strike for Friday, trade unions said, threatening to disrupt one of the busiest shopping days of the year.

Like the rest of Europe, Italians in recent years have embraced the U.S. tradition of Black Friday, a day of heavy discounting by retailers on the day after Thanksgiving.

Unions said in a statement more than 500 Amazon workers at the Piacenza site in northern Italy had agreed to strike following a failure to negotiate bonuses with the company.

Workers have also decided not to do any overtime until Dec. 31, covering the peak season for the online retailer which hires temporary workers during this period.

Amazon employs around 1,600 people on a permanent basis at the Piacenza site, the first it built in the country after launching its Italian website in 2010.

Amazon said in a statement it remained focused on trying to guarantee scheduled deliveries for its customers on Black Friday and in the following days.

The company said salaries paid to its workers were among the highest in the logistic sector and that it also provided some benefits such as private medical insurance or money to pay for training programs.

E-commerce is growing fast in Italy where online sales account only for 10 percent of overall retail sales, according to consultancy EY, half the European average.

(Reporting by Valentina Za; Editing by Mark Potter)http://www.businessinsider.com/the-mobile-banking-competitive-edge-report-how-banks-rank-on-offering-the-features-consumers-say-are-critical-for-choosing-a-bank-2017-11THE MOBILE BANKING COMPETITIVE EDGE REPORT: How banks rank on offering the features consumers say are critical for choosing a bankThis is a preview of a research report from BI Intelligence, Business Insider's premium research service. This report is exclusively available to enterprise subscribers. Check to see if your company has access.

Banks are going to new lengths to attract and retain customers with mobile features.

In BI Intelligence's Mobile Banking Competitive Edge study, 83% of respondents said they use mobile banking. And banks are investing in mobile banking capabilities at unprecedented levels: Bank of America tripled its 2015 mobile banking budget in 2016, and maintained it through 2017, for example. Cutting-edge banking services are “table-stakes to attract and retain customers,” according to Michelle Moore, Head of Digital at Bank of America.

BI Intelligence’s first Mobile Banking Competitive Edge Report identifies which mobile banking and emerging features are most important to consumers when choosing a bank. The study ranks the largest 15 banks and credit unions in the US by whether they offer the mobile features that customers say they care most about. The report helps channel strategists choose which features they should focus their attention on, and lets them see how they compare to rival banks in offering those features.

This study uses exclusive data from the BI Insiders Panel (BIIP), an exclusive online community of 17,000 of our readers from all over the world. Designed to be a leading-edge indicator of what’s next in digital, BIIP members tend to be affluent, tech-savvy early adopters. This means that the BIIP community is an especially sensitive indicator of what consumers will buy and adopt, as well as what behaviors, devices, and platforms will be the winners in digital disruption.

Here are some of the key takeaways from the report:

Wells Fargo leads the pack. The bank offers in-demand mobile transfer capabilities, along with competitive features related to security and mobile wallets. USAA follows closely behind in second. Bank of America and Citi are tied for third, and Capital One rounds out the top five.

Mobile transfers are the most in-demand mobile features. Transfers are the most important category of features to consumers when choosing a bank, according to our study. The most in-demand feature in this study, instant transfers, is in this category. Transfers also include bill pay, international transfers, and peer-to-peer (P2P) payments.

Post-Equifax, consumer interest in security tools is high. Security and control was the second most popular category in the study. Gen Xers value several features in this category — such as setting travel notifications and mobile access to ATMs — more than millennials.

Interest in advanced mobile banking account access is poised to jump. The account access section, the third most popular in this study, includes features like biometrics and account aggregation. With Face ID giving customers a new way to log in to banking, interest in the group of features will likely rise.

In spite of lagging adoption, interest in mobile wallets is still healthy. This category weighs not only whether banks support provisioning their cards in each of the popular wallets, but if they offer their own bank-branded wallets. Our study shows consumers rank support of third-party wallets as much more important than banking solutions.

wallets is still healthy. This category weighs not only whether banks support provisioning their cards in each of the popular wallets, but if they offer their own bank-branded wallets. Our study shows consumers rank support of third-party wallets as much more important than solutions. Conversational features have the lowest demand in the study. The voice- or chatbot-based banking tools in the category are desired by only a small fraction of consumers. Instead of using the features to attract new customers, banks are exploring offloading costly transitional conversations with live support staff to AI.

In full, the report:

Shows how 32 mobile features stack up according to how important consumers say they are for choosing a new bank.

Ranks the top 15 banks on whether they offer each of those features.

Analyzes how demographics effect demand for different mobile features.

Provides strategies for banks to best attract and retain customers with mobile features.

The full report is available to BI Intelligence enterprise clients. To learn more about this report, email Senior Account Executive Chris Roth (croth@businessinsider.com). BI Intelligence's Mobile Banking Competitive Edge study includes: Bank of America, BB&T, Capital One, Chase, Citibank, Fifth Third, HSBC, Key Bank, Navy Federal Credit Union, PNC, SunTrust, TD, US Bank, and USAA.http://www.businessinsider.com/r-how-princess-of-angola-lost-her-oil-crown-2017-11How 'princess' of Angola lost her oil crownBy Stephen Eisenhammer, Libby George and Dmitry Zhdannikov

LUANDA/LONDON (Reuters) - On Oct. 6, with the dust still settling on Angola's first change of power in 38 years, new President João Lourenço sat down with international oil majors at the presidential palace in Luanda.

The top executives in Angola of Chevron , Total , BP , Eni and Exxon said the oil sector was being devastated by delays in project approvals at Sonangol and a backlog of payments owed by the state oil company, according to four oil industry sources with knowledge of the meeting.

They warned Lourenço that Angola's production would decline from 2019 unless swift action was taken to tackle problems at the firm, which was headed by Isabel dos Santos, daughter of his presidential predecessor, the sources said. They declined to be named because the discussions were confidential.

Six weeks later the president fired dos Santos, Africa's richest woman who is nicknamed the "princess" in Angola.

The oil majors all declined to comment on the meeting. Lourenço's office and Sonangol did not respond to requests for comment.

It was a highly unusual gathering; foreign oil firms operate nearly all of Angola's production and hold huge sway, but meeting the president as a united group was almost unheard of.

The nature of the discussions has not been previously reported. The talks, and subsequent events leading up to dos Santos' dismissal, shed light on the reasons behind her ouster - a decision never officially explained.

They offer new insight into the current state of the most important company in Angola, which relies on oil for a third of its economic output and over 95 percent of exports, and the big challenges facing the new management of the debt-laden firm.

The dismissal also points to the waning power of the dos Santos family, which has dominated Angolan politics and business for decades. Isabel dos Santos' father José Eduardo had ruled the country since 1979, amassing wealth for his relatives who own companies in almost every part of the economy.

'NEAR PARALYSIS'

Billionaire dos Santos, who had been Sonangol chair since June 2016, has said she was in the process of restructuring to root out waste and corruption at a company that was struggling even before oil prices plunged in mid-2014.

Her representatives declined to comment for this story, and instead pointed Reuters to two statements, issued in the days after her exit, when she outlined her achievements including reducing debt to $7 billion from $13 billion, raising annual revenue to $15.6 billion from $14.8 billion and cutting costs.

In her departing speech to staff, she said the company had been "nearly bankrupt" when she took over, devastated by the oil-price collapse. "Memories are short," she added.

However, according to interviews with 10 sources, including the four oil industry sources as well as officials from Sonangol and the government, Lourenço was frustrated with the slow pace of change at the company.

On Oct. 13, a week after meeting the oil majors and 17 days after taking office, the president ordered government ministers, Sonangol and international oil companies to form a 30-day working group to review the state of the industry.

The group's meetings, many of them led by new Secretary of State for Oil Carlos Saturnino, were tense, the sources said. Saturnino, an oil industry veteran, had been fired by dos Santos from his role as head of production and exploration at Sonangol last year when she accused him of gross mismanagement.

Even though dos Santos had launched a turnaround plan, huge hold-ups in the approval of projects were strangling the oil sector, according to the sources. Her board had implemented a system for checking projects submitted by foreign oil companies which in practice exacerbated the problem, they said.

She had also created a gulf between her board and the rest of the company by surrounding herself with foreign consultants, said the people, who declined to be named due to the confidential nature of the industry review and related discussions.

The working group concluded there was "a near paralysis" at Sonangol, according to a government source.

CHINA DEBTS

As the group assessed the state of the industry, Lourenço met with Sonangol's biggest lenders - including the Bank of China, Standard Bank and Standard Chartered - to understand Sonangol's financial situation and secure lower lending rates, according to a source familiar with the talks.

"Lourenço realised Sonangol needs money fast," said the source, adding that the company had been seeking to restructure some payments.

Standard Bank declined to comment, citing client confidentiality, while Standard Chartered and Bank of China did not respond to requests for comment.

Sonangol's direct debt to Chinese banks and lending consortia including Chinese banks stood at $3.8 billion at the end of 2016, according to the company's annual report.

Oil industry sources told Reuters this debt now stood at about $3 billion, plus another $3 billion to majors, contractors and traders. Of that, nearly $1 billion is owed to trading firms Trafigura and Vitol under loans guaranteed by oil or product exports, according to a source close to Sonangol.

The government itself also last year took out a further $6.9 billion loan from the China Development Bank that it lent to Sonangol, $3.8 billion of which the firm used to refinance debt, according to an International Monetary Fund report.

Supporters of dos Santos, who are familiar with her work at Sonangol, said the debts dated back to before her tenure. They said the company was now in better financial state. The slow pace of restructuring, they say, was due to the scale of the job and restraints imposed by the state on selling assets.

Her dismissal, according to them, was purely political and part of a campaign by the president against her family.

'GOLDEN GOOSE'

With consensus in government building fast against dos Santos, she responded with a charm offensive.

In London, she met CEOs of major oil companies at an industry conference. On Oct. 18, she did a rare live interview at the Reuters office in the city's Canary Wharf financial district.

In the Reuters interview, she described her relationship with the new president as one of "full alignment". But she gave a hint that her days at Sonangol may be numbered, when asked if she would stay to see through the transformation of the firm.

"Once the foundations have been laid and are right, it doesn't matter who steps in as long as the plan is good," said dos Santos, who has stakes in businesses from telecoms to diamonds.

The charm offensive was too little, too late.

On Nov. 15, dos Santos and most of her board were sacked. She was replaced by the man that had become her nemesis: Saturnino.

Foundations notwithstanding, the new management faces the tasks of getting projects moving again, repaying billions of dollars owed to oil majors, contractors and traders, and servicing billions more dollars of debt owed to Chinese banks.

An executive at Sonangol said a massive round of lay-offs had been delayed until after the election and the task would also now most likely fall to the new team.

Lourenço, however, appeared confident of Sonangol's potential when he attended the board's inauguration on Oct. 16, describing the company as a "golden goose".

"Take good care of her," he said.

(Writing by Stephen Eisenhammer; Editing by Pravin Char)http://www.businessinsider.com/mimedx-ceo-pete-petit-suing-short-sellers-negative-reports-2017-11The so-called Trump of Georgia is on a wild crusade against Wall Street short sellersPete Petit, the CEO of MiMedx, which makes wound-care products, is filing lawsuits against short sellers to try to learn the identity of a pair of anonymous bloggers.

The bloggers published reports pointing to whistleblower allegations of fraud at MiMedx and what they claim are clues of government inquiries into MiMedx.

The company says the allegations are meritless, and that short sellers are sharing fake information in their campaign.

Petit's tactics may backfire, says Erik Gordon, a professor at the University of Michigan's Ross School of Business: "Suing short sellers is unlikely to scare them away. It's more likely to attract more short sellers."



A flamboyant CEO critics call the "Trump of Georgia" is engaged in a legal war with the nation's short sellers — traders who bet a stock price will fall — and searching for the analysts who wrote anonymous blog posts about his small pharmaceutical company, MiMedx Group.

His name is Parker H. "Pete" Petit. He's a self-made millionaire with a university football field named after him and ties to high-level GOP officials.

Over the past few months, Petit has taken to conference calls and press releases to obsess over the idea that a "wolf pack" of "naked short sellers" is hell-bent on destroying his company. There's a section of the company's website dedicated to addressing claims and reports, and he's spending enough on legal fees that he had to acknowledge the rising expense to investors on the company's last earnings call. He wants to make sure his investors understand that short sellers have a vested interest in making his company look bad.

But of course that doesn't mean they're wrong.

One of the reports that set off this legal war was published on a site called Aurelius Value. It lists no author. It highlighted claims of "channel stuffing" — in this case, the practice of using distributors to artificially inflate sales — filed in a public whistleblower lawsuit last year. Another report, also anonymously authored, from a shop called Viceroy, suggested that the SEC is looking into the claims, something that's also claimed in another lawsuit against the company.

Not all critics of MiMedx remain anonymous, though. UBS, for example, told clients that the company's products — used to heal wounds — aren't as effective as the company says and face serious competition that investors aren't yet considering. UBS thinks the company is worth about 40% below its current stock price.

Regardless, it's the way Petit is hunting for the anonymous writers that has grabbed Wall Street's attention.

"It's unusual and it's dangerous because if you sue someone solely on the basis of finding someone else you could be countersued for abuse of process," said Erik Gordon, a lawyer turned professor at the University of Michigan's Ross School of Business. "You can't sue people and put them at the expense of defending themselves in court when you have no basis for suing them other than that you're looking for someone."

Aurelius and Viceroy

Everything you read about Petit is larger than life.

He flies planes. He is friendly with Georgia Sen. Johnny Isakson and former Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price. The Georgia State University football field was named for him after he gave a $10 million gift to the university to support the athletics program. He donated $3.3 million to Georgia Tech, his alma mater, for an engineering building. He was Donald Trump's finance chair in Georgia too.

His critics have tried to make something out of his ties to Price, who was overseeing the FDA for a few months this year. It's fairly standard political brawling that's not so relevant now that Price has been sent packing.

MiMedx turns human placenta into wound-healing treatment, and, according to Piper Jaffray, it enjoys the largest share of the wound-healing market in the US at 27% of sales. Its shares were breaking records until August.

Then the short sellers began to pile in — as indicated by the blue line in the chart below.

After that, Aurelius and Viceroy showed up. They're anonymous bloggers with an unknown readership. On September 20, Aurelius, whoever he or she is, wrote a blog post titled "MiMedx: Flying Too Close To The Sun."

Aurelius went over some issues at MiMedx — namely, allegations of channel stuffing levied against the company by two former employees. The allegations weren't new. They were made in a lawsuit filed against MiMedx last December.

Channel stuffing is when a company moves a bunch of its inventory around, parking it with some unit that investors don't even know exists, and then books that hidden inventory as a sale. The former employees, Jess Kruchoski and Luke Tornquist, allege that MiMedx was doing this through a now shuttered distributor called AvKare. Allegedly, AvKare would “provide sales documentation falsely documenting the bogus VA sales.”

That is, sales to hospitals belonging to the Department of Veterans Affairs.

Sometimes, according to the suit, MiMedx wouldn't even use AvKare. MiMedx employees would simply ship their product, EpiFix, to VA hospitals around the country "without a purchase order from the VA or the VA even knowing about the shipment. In some cases, the shipments were even unbeknown to the representatives covering the accounts."

All this is public record, and was so for nine months before Aurelius's report. But Aurelius went a bit further:

But our research has also identified deep undisclosed entanglements between MiMedx and multiple other distributors.

Two of these distributors, CPM Medical and SLR Medical, are specifically identified in Florida court documents filed by one of MiMedx’s whistleblowers as having special undisclosed agreements along with an unidentified third having a “house account”.

The allegations (here) that MiMedx’s channel stuffing scheme extends significantly beyond the VA appear to have gone largely unnoticed by investors.

Viceroy's post — titled "MiMedx’s ... employment of kickback & bribery scheme inducers makes it uninvestable" — is pretty self-explanatory. In it, Viceroy claims evidence that the SEC may be conducting an investigation into MiMedx, something that has also been raised in legal filings.

Viceroy's evidence for this is that the SEC responded to a Freedom of Information Act request from Viceroy by claiming, as it's allowed to, that it doesn't have to release records that are being collected for "law enforcement" purposes or if the release could "interfere with enforcement proceedings."

Petit responded with a press release the very same day Aurelius published his or her report:

"The articles include several items that have virtually no basis in fact, are littered with innuendo and contain many statements that are simply not correct. This has all the markings of a concerted short seller attack by numerous entities attempting to short our stock and profit from fictitious information and innuendos."

"We believe that Viceroy Research and Aurelius Value are relying on misinformation from former MiMedx employees terminated for cause. Unfortunately, neither organization appears to have done adequate due diligence and fact-finding before publishing their so-called 'research reports.'"

Earlier in the year, he told Kaiser Health News that Kruchoski and Tornquist were "lying." He has also released letters written to one short seller in particular, in which he claims what the sellers are doing is unlawful and unethical.

There are a few parts to that claim. One is that they're releasing bad, even false, information into the market to manipulate the stock price. In particular, Petit claims that a letter from a MiMedx employee one short seller released is actually fake.

The other claim is that short sellers are doing what's called "naked short selling" — which is selling shares you don't own, without borrowing them from someone who does own them first. It is, in fact, illegal.

Sue. Them. All.

After all that, Petit began to sue a bunch of people, and that's when people on Wall Street took notice, because it's not every day a CEO sues a lineup of hedge funds and a media group to find two anonymous bloggers.

Now, before I continue, I need to make some disclosures. Within one of the press releases railing against a short seller named Marc Cohodes, MiMedx claimed I interviewed Cohodes at a conference (I did not, but I've published his ideas before).

In response to my questions about the allegations in the whistleblower suit, Petit declined to address any of the specifics and instead took to calling me a "shill" in a colorful letter that you can find at the end of this article. I do often speak to short sellers, and sometimes give air to their ideas when I think they're smart. I don't know who Aurelius and Viceroy are, though.

Neither does New York-based firm called Sparrow Fund Management, which was forced to respond to MiMedx's request for request for emergency discovery with a 30-page motion to dismiss that said, basically, "We're not Aurelius, and even if we were, Aurelius' speech is protected under the First Amendment."

From the motion:

The crux of MiMedx’s complaint targets a variety of statements made by named and unnamed defendants—none of which is actually Sparrow—conveying opinions about MiMedx and discussing various widely disseminated public reports.

But as Sparrow has repeatedly informed MiMedx since the filing of this lawsuit, including by sworn affidavit, MiMedx’s claims against Sparrow are wrongly premised on a simple yet dispositive defect: Sparrow is not behind the anonymous blogger “Aurelius Value.” That being the case, and with no factual allegations to support any connection between Sparrow and “Aurelius Value,” MiMedx’s case against Sparrow evaporates at the pleading stage.

MiMedx's lawsuit against investigative media outlet The Capitol Forum (TCF) is a bit different.

TCF is a DC media outfit known for its deep dives into potentially fraudulent companies. In August, it published a note on the channel-stuffing allegations against MiMedx. Then in September, after Aurelius and Viceroy published their pieces, Capitol Forum published the government's response to an FOIA request it filed requesting information on MiMedx and the VA.

The government responded, saying, “The records you requested are part of an ongoing law enforcement investigation and are not releasable at this time.”

MiMedx issued a press release in September saying that it was aware of a VA investigation but that it was not the target and said it had told The Capitol Forum as much.

"To the extent there has been any innuendo by The Capitol Forum or others that somehow MiMedx is a target, that is simply incorrect based on available information," the release says.

Anyway, now MiMedx is suing The Capitol Forum for libel — not in its story, but in an email to potential subscribers.

"Defendants' conduct herein, and specifically, the false and malicious statement in the August 21, 2017 e-mail concerning Defendants' article of the same day and allegations of wrongful conduct against MiMedx by "customers," constituted actionable libel," says MiMedx's complaint.

'Parker the Barker'

Again, I probably wouldn't know any of this if it weren't for Cohodes, a particularly loud short seller who lives on a California chicken farm. Cohodes is one of the most infamous short sellers on Wall Street, known for bombastic language and RSVP'ing "will attend" to any fight he's invited to. He got wind of what was going on at MiMedx and started a site called PetiteParkerTheBarker.com, which documents Petit's "bullying."

On the site you can also view Cohodes' presentation at Grant's Interest Rate Observer Conference. MiMedx says I interviewed Cohodes at that conference where he said:

“I always say bet the jockey not the horse. So I look for inept and/or dishonest management who has a track record of running companies into the ground. Telling a lie or two along the way also helps. I also look for balance sheet stress and financial engineering to make the business look stronger than it truly is.”

The thing is, I wasn't at Grant's this year. And that quote is from an interview I did with Cohodes last year about two completely unrelated stocks.

So I was compelled to make some calls — including one to Sen. Isakson's office. His representative said the senator was in no way involved with a VA investigation into MiMedx, since the VA investigative unit is totally independent. His office had, however, put Petit in touch with the VA at Petit's request — something it would do for any constituent.

I also dug through the legal filings and sent a bunch of pointed questions to Petit regarding the lawsuits, the whistleblower allegations, UBS' research, and his relationships with powerful politicians.

Here's a smattering of what I sent:

Can the company say on the record that Aurelius, Viceroy, or Capitol Forum make false statements about the company? Which statements are false?

Can MDXG confirm that it is not under investigation by federal authorities, including the SEC as well as the VA Office of the Inspector General?

Can the company comment on UBS research that suggests its products have a lower efficacy rate than the 90% rate the company claims?

In one of your public disclosures, you say that I interviewed Marc Cohodes at a Grant's Interest Rate Observer Conference. I did not, and have never interviewed Cohodes publicly. Where did you get your information?

I knew we weren't going to have frank discussion when I read the first sentence of Petit's response. "First your statement that you never wrote an article about Marc Cohodes is incorrect," it said. He's right, I had written about Cohodes — but that wasn't my question.

You can read the full letter below, but here's the meaty part.

"Now I read your questions. It appears to me they have all come directly from Marc Cohodes, Aurelius, Viceroy, or others who are seeking to bring down MiMedx's stock price to gain a financial advantage for themselves. Therefore, if you publish an article addressing these questions, you are going to be acting as their "Shill". Indeed, some of your questions seemed to be aimed at obtaining information from MiMedx for this group to use in their pending litigation."

Petit suggested that I discuss this with an attorney, which I have done.

"He can call himself the Donald Trump of Georgia or the Kim Kardashian of Atlanta — anything he wants ... if you drag people into court with no basis you should expect trouble and you deserve trouble," said Gordon, who has also taught at the University of Michigan's law school.

"Short sellers lead a precarious life," he added. "What scares short sellers away is evidence that the short is going to bite them, but suing short sellers is unlikely to scare them away. It's more likely to attract more short sellers."

Well, after Cohodes and Capital Forum got involved, Citron Research, helmed by short seller Andrew Left, put out a YouTube video on the channel-stuffing allegations against the company.

A third former MiMedx employee filed a retaliation claim against the company. His name is Michael Fox, and he was a supervisor for the two first whistleblowers. He says that after they filed their claim, he refused to engage in MiMedx's fraudulent scheme. He says he went to the SEC and that the SEC then subpoenaed MiMedx. After that MiMedx withheld his wages and sued him.

MiMedx's stock has fallen 27% in less than three months.

Read Petit's full letter to me below.



Correction: A previous version of this story misstated that Capitol Forum's email was to MiMedx. It was sent to potential subscribers.http://www.businessinsider.com/virtu-cut-staff-by-half-and-is-restructuring-after-kcg-acquisition-2017-11Wall Street trading giant Virtu cut staff by half and laid in to a $1.4 billion acquisition — now it can't wait for market chaosVirtu Financial, which completed its acquisition of KCG Holdings in July, announced its first joint results Tuesday and the stock popped as much as 18%.

During an earnings call, Virtu CEO Doug Cifu said the firm brought its headcount down from a combined 1,250 between the two firms to 648. He also suggested that KCG had been poorly run.



Cifu said the merger is going better than expected.



The writing was on the wall from the beginning.

When Virtu Financial — which had grown to become one of the largest high-speed trading firms in less than a decade — acquired rival KCG in July, there was an understanding that costs and staff were going to be cut fast. Virtu had spent $1.4 billion on its purchase and was already known for a lean business model. Virtu had just 150 staff, compared with 1,100 at KCG. That's to say nothing of KCG's old-fashioned flash with cash reputation.

So there were some easy targets for Virtu chief executive Doug Cifu. Still, the speed and success of Virtu's integration of KCG caught Wall Street off guard this week. After the company reported results for the first time since the purchase closed, the stock soared more than 18%.

The firm posted a net loss of $40 million, due to costs associated with the deal, with revenues of $271.3 million (up 64.6% year-on-year) offset by operating expenses of $317.8 million. But the firm guided to fourth quarter operating expenses of $152 million, with full year 2018 guidance at $503 million. The firm also said it generated $3.1 million in adjusted net trading income per day for August, September and October, and that that figure could grow to as much as $3.6 million per day in time.

And in an earnings call to discuss the results, Cifu said KCG's technology was a mess, it lacked discipline around capital allocation, had multiple unprofitable units, and missed opportunities to expand in areas of strength.

"Harmonize the strengths of both legacy firms"

The ultimate vision of the acquisition, to "harmonize the strengths of both legacy firms," has not changed since the deal closed in July, Cifu said. The backdrop looks the same as well. High-frequency traders continue to struggle amid an environment of low volatility in which the big price swings that traders profit from are harder to come by.

Cifu, however, says the newly combined company is even more optimistic about the merger than it was when the deal was first announced in April.



Since the deal closed, Virtu has done the following:

Cut staff: Virtu had cut staff almost in half from 1250 total employees (1,100 from KCG and 150 from Virtu) to just 648.

Virtu had cut staff almost in half from 1250 total employees (1,100 from KCG and 150 from Virtu) to just 648. Sold assets: Virtu has sold off KCG's $400 million bond business to ICE, the owner of the New York Stock Exchange, with the proceeds being used to pay down debt.

Integrated tech: "We are moving to a single pan-asset, class, and geography integrated technology platform," Cifu said. "From an operational and trading perspective, the legacy Getco and Knight systems were essentially unaware of each other." KCG was formed when two trading firms, Knight and Getco, merged in 2013. According to Cifu the merger translated into redundancies four years later.

"We are moving to a single pan-asset, class, and geography integrated technology platform," Cifu said. "From an operational and trading perspective, the legacy Getco and Knight systems were essentially unaware of each other." KCG was formed when two trading firms, Knight and Getco, merged in 2013. According to Cifu the merger translated into redundancies four years later. Made changes in Europe: The company has also begun shutting down Neonet, a European business KCG acquired in 2015. KCG's European trading operations lost $2.5 million per month in 2016, according to Cifu.

The company has also begun shutting down Neonet, a European business KCG acquired in 2015. KCG's European trading operations lost $2.5 million per month in 2016, according to Cifu. Made changes in Asia: "KCG's Singapore and Mumbai offices had 29 employees and generated little to no revenue," Cifu said, adding that Virtu had addressed this issue.

Shut a unit: GQS, a quantitative proprietary trading unit at KCG that posted a loss in the first quarter and a small gain in the second, has been shut down.

GQS, a quantitative proprietary trading unit at KCG that posted a loss in the first quarter and a small gain in the second, has been shut down. Taken KCG quant strategies global: "We knew this from due diligence that they candidly had not done a great job taking these quantitative strategies in equities and in futures and in other asset classes around the globe," Cifu said. Virtu rolled these out to Canada, and is now rolling out those strategies to 34 more countries.

"We knew this from due diligence that they candidly had not done a great job taking these quantitative strategies in equities and in futures and in other asset classes around the globe," Cifu said. Virtu rolled these out to Canada, and is now rolling out those strategies to 34 more countries. Capital is now deployed with more discipline. "There were just a number of instances around the firm [KCG] where capital was being deployed very, very inefficiently," Cifu said.

Cifu said he expects Virtu will achieve $262 million in gross synergies in 2018, adding that headcount reductions the firm has undertaken will have little impact on revenues.

"As we have previously noted many of the departed employees worked in redundant cost centers or offices that generated little to no revenue, or even lost money trading," Cifu said.

It's working on dozens of new projects



It's not just a question of cutting costs. Cifu also mentioned a "dozens" of new projects underway at the firm that have emerged from collaborations between Virtu and KCG. The company has "generated approximately $14 million of incremental annualized adjusted net-trading income from these growth initiatives alone," according to Cifu.

He added that "the size and scoop of these initiatives is many multiples of what has been achieved to date."

All this has been achieved in a period of historically low volatility, Cifu said, adding that he's "really excited about when - not if but when - volatility comes back." He said:

"When you have a firm that has its fixed cost base under control, and I think we put our money where our mouth is today, and you have a firm that can demonstrably generate net trading revenue in muted volatility environment, you have a great model. And the model is, in a famine, we can generate significant returns and then the model scales exceptionally well. That's always been the model of legacy Virtu, and it's the model of the combined firm going forward."http://www.businessinsider.com/paul-singers-elliott-hedge-fund-says-markets-are-facing-risks-2017-11$34 billion hedge fund Elliott Management declares all the ingredients for a crash are thereElliott Management, one of the world's largest hedge funds, with $34 billion, told clients the ingredients for a market crash were all in place.

The hedge fund was founded by billionaire Paul Singer, a big GOP donor.

The firm has been prepping for a significant market event — raising $5 billion in about 24 hours earlier this year.



"Markets are in a kind of dreamland."

That's according to Elliott Management, which manages $34 billion and is one of the world's largest hedge funds. The firm, led by billionaire GOP donor and hedge fund manager Paul Singer, says markets are at high risk, partially because of super-low interest rates, according to a third-quarter client letter seen by Business Insider.

The stock market has been raging, with the S&P 500 hitting new highs.

"The current 'stability' is not sustainable," Elliott wrote. "Monetary policy has been extraordinary, and the end of this period of its policy ascendancy and the consequent levitation of asset prices, whenever it occurs, will likely be commensurately extraordinary."

Elliott says it doesn't know when markets will turn, and to be sure, the firm has been warning about some kind of market chaos for some time. Earlier this year, the hedge fund raised $5 billion in about 24 hours from investors to put money to work, expecting "all hell to break loose."

In the most recent letter, Elliott laid out the "historical recipe for a crash":

"ominously overpriced assets financed by too much debt;

"a tightly wound matrix of highly leveraged trading positions;

"technical or situational accelerants (in 1987, 'portfolio insurance; today, all kinds of negative gamma strategies, the false liquidity of ETFs, volatility selling, massive leveraged bond ownership at the highest price for duration in history, financial institution balance sheets that remain completely opaque and highly leveraged)."

Elliott said (emphasis added):

"This kind of history is not a blueprint, and certainly many of these 'recipe' elements appeared well before 2017. But we think history is NOT bunk, and that markets are in a kind of dreamland. If and when they wake up, investors and traders may not like what they see. It is not far fetched to imagine the widespread and tightly-held assumptions of millions of investors being smashed like pumpkins in a future (actually, 'back to the future') environment."

Elliott also pointed out specific concerns for the bond markets:

"If economic growth, appearing to tilt ever-so-slightly upward now in Japan and Europe, and growing steadily but slowly in the U.S., actually accelerates even a modest amount, if demand for commodities increases, and if such environment causes wages and prices to rise, one could envision a severely negative impact on global bond markets."

Elliott managed $34.1 billion as of October 1, the letter said.

The firm is barely beating competitors in performance this year through the end of September. The Elliott Associates LP fund is up 6.8% after fees, and the Elliott International Limited fund is up 6% after fees this year through the third quarter, according to a client note reviewed by Business Insider.http://www.businessinsider.com/mary-claire-king-and-the-impact-brca-genes-had-on-cancer-genetics-2017-11Over a 40-year career, this 'stubborn scientist' helped change the way we think about cancer and geneticsMary-Claire King, a geneticist and professor at the University of Washington, was instrumental in the discovery that changed the way we think about cancer.

Her work with the BRCA1 gene that's associated with breast and ovarian cancer came after decades of research during her more than 40-year career.

In the past few years, the impact of her work has started to be felt by the world as cancer genetic testing becomes more widespread.

You might not know the name Mary-Claire King, but you probably know the result of this scientist's most famous work: the BRCA1 gene that's been critical in fighting breast and ovarian cancer.

A geneticist at the University of Washington, King has spent her 40-year career working to better understand human genetics, especially the codes that make up all of us. Her discoveries helped open entire areas of medicine. But it wasn't until the past few years that the effects of her work started to be widely recognized publicly, sparked in part by actor Angelina Jolie's revelation that she had the "faulty" BRCA1 gene, increasing her risk of cancer.

In 2014, King received a prestigious Lasker award for her work in breast cancer genetics as well as human rights, and in 2016 President Barack Obama acknowledged her work with the the National Medal of Science.

"At a time when most scientists believed that cancer was caused by viruses, she relentlessly pursued her hunch that certain cancers were linked to inherited genetic mutations," Obama said at the ceremony. "This self-described 'stubborn' scientist kept going until she proved herself right."

King's initial work in genetics for her doctoral thesis in 1975 was the discovery that humans and chimpanzees are 99% genetically similar. Later, she analyzed DNA from grandmothers to help reconnect them with their grandchildren who had been kidnapped as part of Argentina's "dirty war." She was also active during the Civil Rights Movement.

"As a scientist, one is a citizen of the world. And as a citizen of the world, you have certain responsibilities" King said of her activism in an interview with the World Science Festival.

Arguably, King's biggest impact resulted from her work pinpointing BRCA1, a gene that's critical in producing proteins that repair damaged DNA.

What we know now, based in part on King's research, is that mutations in the BRCA gene have big implications for a person's cancer risk. The risk of getting breast cancer goes from 7% to an average of 55-65% when you have the BRCA1 or 2 gene mutation, while for ovarian cancer the risk increases from 1% to 30%. Knowing you have one of these genetic tweaks, then, could help doctors make more proactive decisions to treat.

Discovering the genetics of cancer

Back when King started her work in the 1970s, the link between cancer and genetics hadn't been made. The running theory at the time was that cancer was viral.

"I thought genetics, evolutionary biology and statistics might add something to the newly launched War on Cancer. And my closest childhood friend had died of cancer. I wanted to try," she told The New York Times in 2015.

Getting a chance to start that research wasn't easy either. On the week leading up to King getting a grant for her research back in April 1981, her husband left her, her house was burgled, and she had a chance encounter with baseball legend Joe DiMaggio.

Here's her re-telling of the week leading up to her presentation at the National Institutes of Health, which led to the grant.

Finally, after years of figuring out just how genetics and family histories of cancer played a role in cancer risk, in 1990, King found the gene linked to breast cancer and named it BRCA1. After that, there was a race to see who could clone the gene, a move which helped researchers better understand how mutations in the gene led to cancer.

Now, doctors are able to give tests to their patients who might have a family history of cancer, to see if they might be at an increased risk based on BRCA and other mutations that have since been linked to various forms of cancer.

A lasting impact

Color CEO Othman Laraki told Business Insider that King is someone who has a "North Pole," which helps her look at data with clear logic. Color sells hereditary cancer — including BRCA1 and 2 and high cholesterol tests — and works with King, who serves as a collaborator and adviser to the company. Working with her, Laraki said, made sense because of her history in working to establish the connection between cancer and genetics, but also to bring that connection to people.

"She’s one of the people who bridge scientific discovery and the knowledge that enables entire populations," Laraki said.

And that's starting to get even more widespread, especially after a 2013 Supreme Court decision ended the ability to have a patent on the BRCA gene, along with Jolie's diagnosis that spread the word about the gene.

"Mary-Claire King, she's invented something that's almost as relevant a datapoint as your blood pressure," said Feyi Olopade Ayodele, CEO of CancerIQ, a company that builds software to help doctors better understand and access hereditary cancer genetics tests at the preventative level. " That's how impactful genetic testing will be in the future."http://www.businessinsider.com/apple-supplier-foxconn-to-stop-using-illegal-intern-labour-on-iphone-x-2017-11Apple supplier Foxconn says it will stop using illegal intern labour to assemble the iPhone XThe Apple supplier Foxconn has admitted to using illegal intern labour to assemble the iPhone X.

Students said they worked 11-hour days, which is a breach of Chinese labour law.

The scandal comes after Apple reportedly faced delays in getting the iPhone X to customers.



The Apple supplier Foxconn has said it will stop using illegal intern labour in its factories that are used to assemble technology products for some of the world's biggest companies, according to a report by BBC News.

Foxconn's use of interns on its production lines was first reported by the Financial Times. Six students told the newspaper that they regularly worked 11-hour shifts assembling Apple's new iPhone X, which is a breach of Chinese labour law. The Financial Times said a group of 3,000 interns worked in Foxconn's factories.

The students, who were reportedly ages 17 to 19, told the Financial Times that their work at Foxconn was work experience that they had to do to complete their education.

Now, Foxconn has told BBC News it has ended its practice of letting interns work overtime. The company reportedly said it took "immediate action to ensure that no interns are carrying out any overtime work," and it said interns represented "a very small percentage" of its overall workforce.

Apple told BBC News it was "dedicated to ensuring everyone in our supply chain is treated with the dignity and respect they deserve." It continued: "We know our work is never done and we'll continue to do all we can to make a positive impact and protect workers in our supply chain."

It's an embarrassing story for Apple, which has regularly faced criticism over the supply chain of its products. Apple had to ask the Chinese mining company Huayou to stop using child labour after Sky News found it was using children as young as 4 to mine for the material.

Foxconn has faced its own issues in the past: In 2010 a series of employees died in suicides after working long hours in the factory, which eventually led the company to erect suicide nets on its buildings designed to prevent future deaths.

The iPhone X faced production problems

The KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo covers Apple's supply chain in Asia and regularly covered delays with the iPhone X. He said Apple faced shortages on key components of the device, which meant it struggled to get the phones it needed ready for when it went on sale.

Apple CEO Tim Cook was asked about the potential of delays to the iPhone X in an interview with BuzzFeed. The executive gave a rather diplomatic answer: "We'll see what happens, but we'll be working as hard as possible to make as many as possible."http://www.businessinsider.com/robert-mueller-michael-flynn-russia-investigation-lobbying-turkey-2017-11Mueller is zeroing in on Michael FlynnRobert Mueller, the special counsel leading the Russia investigation, is looking into Bijan Kian, a former business associate of former national security adviser Michael Flynn.

Mueller is primarily interested in gauging what role Kian played in Flynn Intel Group's lobbying activity for a Turkish businessman with ties to Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.

Flynn has come under scrutiny because of his contacts with Russian officials and his work as a foreign agent, and recent revelations could mean Mueller sees Flynn as his next target.



Robert Mueller, the special counsel leading the Russia investigation, is looking into an associate of the former national security adviser Michael Flynn, NBC News reported Wednesday, in a likely sign that the inquiry is steering toward Flynn's activities.

Mueller is tasked with looking into Russia's interference in the 2016 election as well as whether any members of President Donald Trump's campaign colluded with Moscow to tilt the race in his favor.

When it comes to Flynn, Mueller is focused mainly on his work as a foreign agent and his lobbying activities, throughout the latter half of 2016, for a businessman with ties to the Turkish government.

Flynn was paid $530,000 last year by the businessman, Ekim Alptekin, who is a member of a Turkish economic-relations board run by an appointee of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. Alptekin is also the head of Inovo, a consulting firm.

Flynn's firm was tasked with fomenting dissent inside Turkey and with lobbying the US government to extradite Fethullah Gulen, a Turkish cleric living in Pennsylvania who Erdogan believes is responsible for planning last year's attempted coup.

Flynn Intel Group was required, under the Foreign Agents Registration Act, to register as a foreign agent as soon as it secured the contract with Inovo, but it did not do so until months later. It acknowledged in a filing that its work could have "principally benefited" Turkey.

The latest focus for Mueller, NBC News reported Wednesday, is Bijan Kian, a former business partner of Flynn's. Mueller is reportedly seeking to gauge what role, if any, Kian played in securing the Inovo contract for Flynn Intel Group. The special counsel's office also wants to know whether Kian has any information about other lobbying efforts the firm may have undertaken that have not yet been disclosed, NBC News said.

Sources told NBC News that prosecutors were also interested in a September 20, 2016, meeting between Kian, Flynn, and the pro-Russia congressman Dana Rohrabacher.

Mueller turns up the heat on Flynn

The Russia investigation has ramped up in recent weeks, particularly after a federal grand jury indicted Trump's former campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, and one of his associates, Rick Gates, in October on 12 counts related to money laundering, financial crimes, and their work as foreign agents.

Since then, multiple media reports have suggested that Mueller is zeroing in on Flynn, who legal experts have said could be increasingly vulnerable in the Russia investigation.

Mueller's team subpoenaed the lobbying firm SGR LLC in August after Flynn Intel Group hired the firm ostensibly to "promote a good business climate in Turkey," The Washington Post reported. Flynn's firm hired SGR as part of its work with Inovo.

Though Flynn Intel Group's initial stated goal in hiring SGR was to foster a stronger business climate in Turkey, it was later forced to indicate that it brought SGR on to "raise concerns" to the US about Gulen.

At the beginning of November, NBC News reported that Mueller had enough evidence to indict Flynn and his son, Michael Flynn Jr.

A former business associate of Flynn's said the younger Flynn had a prominent role in Flynn Intel Group's day-to-day operations and served as his father's chief of staff, and Mueller could be turning up the heat on the younger Flynn to prompt his father's cooperation in the investigation. CNN also reported that Flynn and his wife, Lori, were worried their son could get caught in the crosshairs of the investigation.

It's unclear who the source of the NBC News report about a possible Flynn indictment was, but legal experts floated the possibility that the leak came from Flynn's defense team, which could have been using it in an effort to secure a pardon from Trump.

Patrick Cotter, a former federal prosecutor who is now a white-collar defense attorney at Greensfelder, Hemker & Gale, P.C., said earlier this month that the younger Flynn's aggressive social-media campaign against Mueller and the Russia investigation suggested that he refused to flip and was hoping for a presidential pardon. Cotter also pointed to Trump's apparent loyalty to Flynn, who was one of his most prominent campaign surrogates before becoming national security adviser.

"The president of the United States, who has virtually unlimited pardon power, has gone on the record, in public, and said he doesn't think Flynn should be prosecuted," Cotter said.

"If you're Flynn's attorney, the possibility of a pardon is something you'd think about," he added. "It's an amazing thing to have the president, before your client is charged, saying publicly that he doesn't think they should even be investigated, much less charged."

Flynn was forced to resign in February when it emerged that he had misled Vice President Mike Pence about his contacts with Sergey Kislyak, then Russia's ambassador to the US, during the transition period. Three weeks earlier, Sally Yates, then the acting attorney general, warned the White House that Flynn could be vulnerable to Russian blackmail over his conversations with Kislyak.

Trump also ignored advice during the transition period from President Barack Obama, who fired Flynn as head of the Defense Intelligence Agency in 2014, to steer clear of Flynn.

The FBI was already investigating Flynn when he resigned. He informed the Trump transition team in January, before the inauguration, that he was the subject of a separate FBI investigation related to his lobbying work for Turkey. He joined the administration as national security adviser shortly after.

Flynn's activities came up in a February conversation between Trump and the FBI director at the time, James Comey. Comey testified before the Senate Intelligence Committee in June that soon after Flynn resigned, Trump approached him and asked him to "let this go," referring to the bureau's investigation into the former national security adviser. Comey said he refused to assure Trump that the FBI would do so.

Trump fired Comey in May, later citing "this Russia thing" as a factor in his decision.http://www.businessinsider.com/theres-a-high-chance-that-ubers-failure-to-disclose-its-hack-was-illegal-2017-11There's a 'high chance' that Uber's failure to disclose its hack was illegalUber on Tuesday revealed that it had covered up a data breach that took place in 2016, affecting 57 million users.

The company failed to tell authorities around the world and, according to Bloomberg, paid $100,000 to the hackers to cover up the breach, which included names, emails, and phone numbers.

UK authorities have said British users were affected but haven't said how many.

The UK's digital minister, Matt Hancock, said the company probably broke the law — the most damning statement yet from the government.



The questions are piling up on Uber about a data breach that put at least 57 million users at risk but wasn't disclosed by the company.

The ride-hailing company is now under investigation in the US, the UK, and other countries for failing to disclose the hack to authorities and apparently paying hackers to cover up the breach.

Now the UK's digital minister, Matt Hancock, has given the most damning official statement yet on the breach by suggesting the company broke the law by failing to disclose.

Hancock made the comments in Parliament on Thursday. Asked by Labour MP Kevin Brennan whether Uber had broken the law in relation to the breach, Hancock responded that Brennan "asked whether this is illegal under current UK law — that of course is matter for the courts, but I think there's a very high chance that it is."

Neither Hancock nor Brennan went into further detail.

Uber did not specifically respond to Hancock's comments but said in a statement: "We are in the process of notifying various regulatory and government authorities and we expect to have ongoing discussions with them. Until we complete that process we aren't in a position to get into any more details."

Hancock added that it's an "aggravating factor" if a company gets hacked but doesn't tell authorities immediately. That can potentially lead to higher fines, though in the case of the UK's data authority, that's only a maximum of £500,000, or $665,000. Bloomberg on Tuesday reported that Uber had paid the attackers a $100,000 ransom.

"Delaying notification is not acceptable," Hancock said.

The UK's data watchdog, the Information Commissioner's Office, has already said it will investigate the breach.

We still don't know how many British users were affected

The ICO has confirmed British users were affected by the hack but hasn't yet given an estimate on how many.

According to Hancock, Uber has handed over information on how many of its UK users were affected by the hack.

But he said the government didn't fully trust the figures.

He said: "In terms of the number, we do not have sufficient confidence in the number we have been told by Uber to go public. We're working with the [National Cyber Security Centre] to have more confidence in that figure."

Hancock pointed out that the number of customers affected by the hack on the US consumer-data giant Equifax turned out to be bigger than originally estimated. The government says it plans to publish its findings in "a matter of days."

It also turns out that the government found out about the hack only from media reports on Tuesday, with Uber giving statements to the press before speaking with UK authorities, Hancock said.

"Uber had failed to tell the UK authorities before they spoke to the media," he said.

"As far as we can tell, it was not a hack perpetrated in the UK. Our role is therefore to at this stage is to understand how UK citizens were affected. We are working with the ICO and the NCSC, and they are talking to the [Federal Trade Commission] and others to get to the bottom of this."

Hancock added that it seemed unlikely that any of the stolen information could be used to steal customers' money.

"At this stage, our initial assessment for Uber customers ... the stolen information is not the sort of information that would allow direct financial crime."http://www.businessinsider.com/how-to-time-travel-with-wormholes-2017-11There are 2 types of time travel and physicists agree that one of them is possibleBrian Greene, professor of physics and mathematics at Columbia University and co-founder of the World Science Festival, explains what we know about time travel so far. Following is a transcript of the video.

Brian Greene: I’m Brian Greene, professor of physics and mathematics at Columbia University and co-founder of the World Science Festival.

It's critical that you realize that there are two types of time travel, and they are radically different. Time travel to the future? Definitely possible.

We know how to do it because Einstein showed us the way over a hundred years ago. It’s surprising how few people actually really know about this in their bones. He showed that if you go out into space and travel near the speed of light, and you turn around, and you come back, your clock will be ticking off time more slowly. So, when you step off it's going to be the future on planet Earth. You will have time traveled into the future.

He also showed that if you hang out near a nice strong source of gravity — a neutron star, a black hole — and you kind of get right near the edge of that object, time also for you would slow down real slow relative to everybody else. And therefore, when you come back to Earth, for instance, it'll again be far into the future.

This is not controversial stuff. Any physicist who knows what they're talking about agrees with this. But the other kind of time travel — to the past is where the arguments start to happen because many of us don't think that time travel to the past is possible.

The main proposal that people at least consider worthy of attention for traveling to the past does make use of a weird concept called wormholes. A wormhole is something that really … Albert Einstein again discovered. The guy has like got his name written over everything in this field.

It's a bridge, if you will, from one location space to another. It's kind of a tunnel that gives you a shortcut to go from here to here. Now he discovered this in 1935 but it was subsequently realized that if you manipulate the openings of a wormhole — put one near a black hole or take one on a high-speed journey — then time of the two openings of this wormhole tunnel will not take off at the same rate, so that you will no longer just go from one location in space to another, if you go through this tunnel — through this wormhole — you'll go from one moment in time to a different moment in time. Go one way, you'll travel to the past, the other way, travel to the future.

Now again, we don't know if wormholes are real. We don't know if they are real whether you'll be able to go through them. So, there are all sorts of uncertainties here. Most of us think that you're not going to actually go on a whirlwind journey through a wormhole to the past. But it's still not ruled out.http://www.businessinsider.com/joe-barton-nude-photo-leak-revenge-porn-police-investigation-2017-11Capitol Police are reportedly investigating leaked nude photo of a Texas GOP lawmakerA sexually explicit image of Republican Rep. Joe Barton of Texas surfaced on the internet on Tuesday.

Barton says the Capitol Hill police are investigating.

Barton reportedly once warned a woman that he would contact the police if she didn't stop communicating with other women he was previously romantically involved with.



The Washington Post on Wednesday said it had reviewed a 2015 recording of Republican Rep. Joe Barton of Texas warning a woman who received "inappropriate photographs and videos" of him that he might report the matter to the Capitol Hill police. An anonymous Twitter account published a lewd photo photo of Barton on Tuesday.

In a recording of the call, The Post said, Barton confronted the woman after she was discovered to have communicated with other women who were romantically involved with Barton. The woman is also believed to have forwarded explicit materials from Barton to the other women.

"I want your word that this ends," Barton said in the recording, according to The Post. "I will be completely straight with you. I am ready if I have to, I don't want to, but I should take all this crap to the Capitol Hill Police and have them launch an investigation. And if I do that, that hurts me potentially big time."

Barton reportedly continued, saying he would detail all of their exchanges to the police, including material he said he did not want to be publicly disclosed.

"You still apparently had all of those and were in position to use them in a way that would negatively affect my career," Barton reportedly said.

If the woman shared explicit images of Barton, that may violate Texas laws prohibiting "revenge porn," in which people publicize such material without consent as a form of retaliation, The Dallas Morning News reported Wednesday. Violators could face a year in jail and up to a $4,000 fine.

On Wednesday, Barton said in a statement that the Capitol Police would launch an investigation into the incident. The Capitol Police could not be reached by Business Insider for comment Wednesday evening.

"When I ended that relationship, she threatened to publicly share my private photographs and intimate correspondence in retaliation," Barton said, according to The Post.

The woman said she was in contact with Barton for five years, beginning in 2011, after she published a message on his Facebook page, according to The Post. Among the sexually explicit material he sent the woman was reportedly a video of him masturbating, which The Post said appeared to be the source of the photo released on Twitter on Tuesday. The woman interviewed by The Post said she did not publish the photo.

Barton, who said the two had a consensual relationship, was still married when they became romantically involved, according to The Post.http://www.businessinsider.com/r-search-for-missing-argentine-submarine-reaches-critical-phase-2017-11There's been no contact with a missing Argentine submarine, and the search is entering a 'critical phase'The search for an Argentine navy submarine missing in the South Atlantic for one week reached a "critical phase" on Wednesday as the 44 crew members on board could be running low on oxygen, an Argentine navy spokesman said.

Favorable weather on Wednesday meant boats could cover a greater area after being hampered by strong winds and high waves over the past few days, though poor weather was expected to return on Thursday, a navy spokesman named Enrique Balbi said.

If the San Juan, a German-built submarine, had sunk or was otherwise unable to rise to the surface since it gave its location on November 15, it would be using up the last of its seven-day oxygen supply. Officials say the sub could be stranded as deep as 600 feet.

"We are in the critical phase ... particularly with respect to oxygen," Balbi told reporters, according to Reuters. "There has been no contact with anything that could be the San Juan submarine."

While the sub's crew has enough food, oxygen, and fuel to survive 90 days on the surface, Argentina's navy has said there's only enough oxygen to survive seven days while submerged. Other experts said that if the sub sank but remained intact, its oxygen could last seven to 10 days, but that amount would depend on when the sub last surfaced to recharge its batteries and other factors.

About 30 boats and planes and 4,000 people from Argentina, the US, the UK, Chile, and Brazil have joined the search for the submarine, which last transmitted its location about 300 miles from the coast.

Balbi said the search effort had been narrowed to a 12-mile-by-12-mile area. Planes have covered some 190,000 square miles of the ocean surface, but much of the area has not yet been scoured by the boats.

Several possible signals, including sounds and flares, that have been detected have turned out to be false alarms. Seven low-frequency satellite signals picked up on Saturday were also found to have not come from the sub. Argentina's navy said on Tuesday that white flares and an empty raft that had been spotted did not come from the San Juan.

Overnight on Tuesday, a British ship reported observing three orange and white flares, but they did not come from the vessel, Balbi said.

The San Juan was en route from the Argentine port in Ushuaia, the southernmost city in the world, to the coastal city of Mar del Plata, some 250 miles south of Buenos Aires. Argentina navy Cmdr. Gabriel Galeazzi said the sub surfaced to report the problem — which he described as a "short circuit" in its batteries — on the morning of November 15.

The sub was immediately ordered to return to port, according to the BBC. Balbi said the San Juan's captain contacted the naval base again, saying the problem had been adequately fixed and that the sub would submerge and head to the Mar del Plata naval base.

The last contact was made at 7:30 a.m. local time. Argentine subs are required to contact their bases twice a day during peacetime. The search began after it failed to report.

The San Juan, a TR-1700-class diesel-electric submarine, was built in Germany in 1983 for Argentina and commissioned in 1985. It underwent maintenance in Argentina in 2008 and a $12 million refit in 2014, which required cutting the sub in half to replace its engines and batteries.

Such refits can be difficult because they involve integrating systems built by different manufacturers, according to Rockford Weitz, the director of the Fletcher School's maritime-studies program at Tufts University.

"The cost of even the smallest mistake during this cutting phase of the operation is enormous — threatening the life and safety of the ship's crew," Weitz told The Associated Press.

What makes the San Juan so effective as a submarine may also be foiling efforts to find it. The stealthy vessel is very quiet underwater and produces few detectable emissions, especially if some of its systems are disabled. An anti-submarine-warfare expert and former US Navy submariner told The Aviationist that locating the boat would be "like trying to find a hole in the water."

The weather has also hindered search efforts. Waves more than 20 feet high have made it harder for surface vessels and planes to spot anything on the ocean's surface. Rough conditions would also make it difficult for the sub to take in new air if it's still on the surface.

The US Navy has sent two P-8A Poseidon planes, the service's most advanced anti-submarine surveillance aircraft, as well as several unmanned underwater vehicles capable of scanning broad swaths of the seafloor (though the seafloor itself may make it hard to find the sub if it's there). A NASA research aircraft flew over the area but didn't spot anything.

US submarine-rescue assets — including the Submarine Rescue Chamber that can rescue six people at a time while reaching depths of 850 feet — have also been redeployed to the area by the US Air Force. The San Juan has a hatch that can couple with a US rescue ship.

The UK's elite Submarine Parachute Assistance Group — made up of specially trained medics, engineers, and undersea escape specialists — has also reportedly joined the search. (Argentina bought the sub in response to its defeat by the UK in the 1982 Falklands War, and Britain joining the search is seen by some as a positive step in their relations.)

Relatives of the crew members have been gathered at the Mar del Plata base, where the search is being coordinated. Argentine authorities and some crew members' families have tried to remain optimistic as the search has dragged on.

But the families of the crew, which includes Argentina's first woman submarine officer, have grown increasingly distressed as experts say the sub's oxygen supply may be dwindling.

"We came today because we had hope that they had returned," Elena Alfaro, the sister of a crew member and radar expert named Cristian Ibanez, told Reuters on Wednesday in tears. "It is incomprehensible that so much time has passed. We are in pain."

(Reporting for Reuters by Walter Bianchi and Nicolas Misculin; additional reporting by Juliana Castilla; writing by Luc Cohen; editing by Frances Kerry)http://www.businessinsider.com/peter-thiel-might-buy-gawker-com-report-2017-11Controversial billionaire Peter Thiel might be looking to buy Gawker.com — the news site he helped Hulk Hogan take downBuzzFeed reports that lawyers for influential billionaire Peter Thiel are objecting to him being left out of the sale process for Gawker.com, indicating possible interest from Thiel to bid on the domain and its archive of articles.

Peter Thiel financed wrestler Hulk Hogan's lawsuit against Gawker Media, eventually forcing it into a 2016 bankruptcy and a fire sale to Univision.

If Thiel ends up being allowed to bid on Gawker.com and wins the auction, he would get the site's archives, branding, and social media accounts.

It looks like controversial billionaire Peter Thiel, a Facebook board member and Donald Trump's biggest supporter in Silicon Valley, might be interested in buying Gawker.com — the news site he helped force into bankruptcy.

In October 2017, the The Wall Street Journal reported that Gawker bankruptcy plan administrators were looking to sell the Gawker.com domain, and were searching for buyers.

The problem, it seems, is that Thiel's lawyers believe he's being unfairly excluded from the bidding process, and that the sale should be paused until the matter is resolved. This is according to a bankruptcy court filing made on Wednesday by Thiel's lawyers, which was reviewed by BuzzFeed News.

This objection would seem to signal that Thiel is interested in bidding on Gawker.com and its assets, which would include its archive of articles, its branding, and its social media accounts. Any potential owner would be free to delete the Gawker.com archives.

Representatives for Thiel and the Gawker bankruptcy plan administration did not immediately respond to a request for comment.

The case

Hulk Hogan, the wrestler whose real name is Terry Bollea, was awarded $140 million in damages in March 2016 stemming from a Gawker news article published in 2012 that included footage of him having sex. It was later revealed that Thiel had secretly financed the lawsuit and others against Gawker Media.

"I saw Gawker pioneer a unique and incredibly damaging way of getting attention by bullying people even when there was no connection with the public interest," Thiel, whom Gawker publicly outed as gay in 2007, told The New York Times in May 2016. In a speech, Thiel once described Gawker as a "singular, sociopathic bully."

To protect its assets from being collected by Hogan, Gawker filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy. Its assets were then sold to Univision in a government-ordered auction in August 2016, which bought them for $135 million.

Univision shut down operations of Gawker.com, the company's flagship site, but has continued to run its other properties, which consist of Gizmodo, Lifehacker, Deadspin, Jezebel, Kotaku, and Jalopnik. The Gawker archives remain available online.http://www.businessinsider.com/trump-organization-exits-trump-soho-hotel-2017-11The Trumps are cutting ties with the five-star Trump SoHo hotel after business plummeted post-electionThe Trump Organization is cutting ties with Trump SoHo.

The upscale hotel has struggled to fill rooms and bring in guests following the election.

A restaurant in the hotel closed earlier this year after "the Kardashians stopped coming" post-election.

Trump SoHo — the Trump Organization-run, five-star Downtown Manhattan hotel — will no longer carry the Trump name or be affiliated with the family.

On Wednesday, the Trump Organization reached a deal to allow the company to cut ties with the property, The New York Times reported.

According to The Times, the hotel has struggled to fill rooms and sell condominiums as President Donald Trump has risen in political prominence.

Koi, a restaurant located in the hotel, closed earlier this year after a reported drop in business following Trump's win in the 2016 election.

"Before Trump won we were doing great. There were a lot of people we had, our regulars, who'd go to the hotel but are not affiliated with Trump," Jonathan Grullon, a busser and host at the restaurant, told New York Magazine's GrubStreet. "And they were saying if he wins, we are not coming here anymore."

Another restaurant worker told GrubStreet that, following the election, "the Kardashians stopped coming" — and business plummeted. While Suzanne Chou, Koi Group's general counsel, "declined to speculate" why business declined, she said that "obviously since the election it's gone down."

A new restaurant called Spring & Varick recently opened in the space that formerly belonged to Koi.

Earlier this year, WNYC reported the five-star hotel was planning to lay off workers and reduce some of its services.

The hotel will continue to be owned by CIM, an investment firm in California. Now, however, the Trump Organization will no longer manage day-to-day operations or brand the hotel under the Trump name.

In 2010, the Major Economic Crimes Bureau of the Manhattan District Attorney's office opened an investigation into Ivanka and Donald Trump Jr. for reportedly misleading buyers in the Trump SoHo project. Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr. dropped the case after receiving a donation from the Trump Organization's lawyer, Marc Kasowitz, as ProPublica reported in October.http://www.businessinsider.com/most-popular-thanksgiving-recipes-2016-11The most Googled Thanksgiving recipe in every stateOn Thanksgiving, people across the United States devour feasts that typically consist of turkey, stuffing, potatoes, and pie.

But Thanksgiving meals can also vary depending on where you live.

To get a better picture of Americans' favorite side dish recipes in each state, Business Insider consulted Google. Looking at search data from the past three years, Google's researchers found the most uniquely highly searched recipe that people in every state (plus Washington DC) Googled during November.

The researchers didn't look at the most popular dish for every state (which would've been pumpkin pie, pecan pie, and apple pie in all 50). Instead, they focused on the most distinct, and then found the recipes with the highest search volume for each state.

Check them out in the map below:



http://www.businessinsider.com/malia-obama-dating-rory-farquharson-harvard-2017-11Barack Obama's daughter is reportedly dating an investment manager's son who was head boy at a £35,000-a-year private school in EnglandMalia Obama is dating Rory Farquharson, the British son of an investment manager, the Daily Mail reported.

Both 19, Obama and Farquharson met at Harvard, where they're studying.

Farquharson attended the £35,000-a-year private Rugby School in England.



The 19-year-old daughter of former US President Barack Obama, Malia Obama, is reportedly dating the son of a British investment manager.

After TMZ published a video of Malia Obama kissing a man during the Harvard-Yale football game over the weekend, the Daily Mail identified him as Rory Farquharson, who was head boy at a £35,000-a-year ($47,000-a-year) private school in England.

Farquharson, 19, began his studies at Harvard last year, according to Rugby School, an English private school he attended, where a term's education costs up to £11,584.

Here's Farquharson pictured in June:

It's been an absolute delight and pleasure to have this exceptional student @rory_farq from @Harvard spend this week with us in Belfast 🚀 pic.twitter.com/ICFnJT19h5 — Conor Houston (@ConorHoustonNI) June 9, 2017

He was a golf and rugby player and was selected as "head of school" for the 2015-16 year. A school friend told the Daily Mail that he was "popular" and "quite a catch."

Farquharson's CV says he spent a summer as an intern with the Centre for Democracy and Peace Building in Northern Ireland, appeared in a rugby video played at the World Cup opening ceremony in 2015 (which Prince Harry also appeared in), and was a member of the Rugby School's chemistry club, the Blue Bunsen Society.

Congratulations to Rory who played for the Irish Exiles on Sunday #wholepersonwholepoint #rugby pic.twitter.com/LwL89MXdyl — Rugby School (@RugbySchool1567) January 24, 2017

The Telegraph reported that Farquharson's Twitter account, which has now been deleted, suggested he had an interest in investment just like his 57-year-old father, Charles, the CEO of the London-based Insight Investment Management Limited. His mother, Catherine, 58, is also a qualified accountant.

The family live in a six-bed detached home in Woodbridge, Suffolk, worth £1.6 million, The Telegraph reported.

Farquharson had also appeared to criticize US President Donald Trump on Twitter, according to The Telegraph. The Daily Mail reported, however, that Farquharson followed the current president on Twitter but did not follow Barack Obama.http://www.businessinsider.com/best-amazon-black-friday-deals-2017Amazon's best Black Friday deals you'd never find on your ownThe Insider Picks team writes about stuff we think you'll like. Business Insider has affiliate partnerships, so we get a share of the revenue from your purchase.

Black Friday is one of the best days of the year to buy great gadgets at discounted prices. Everything from TVs to tablets, to speakers and headphones is on sale.

Because thousands of deals are going on at the same time, it can be a challenge to find the best ones, which is why we've done the legwork for you. Below are Black Friday tech deals we already know about from Amazon.

We've broken down the deals by category for your convenience, and we'll update this page as more become available, so keep it bookmarked. Or head over to Amazon now to see what's on sale since hot-ticket items like 4K TVs and laptops don't stay in stock for very long.

Here are some of the top tech deals to look forward to on Black Friday:

You can also check out our many gift guides for tech under $100, tech under $25, tech under $50, tech gifts for women, tech stocking stuffers, and tech for iPhone lovers.

Check all of our 2017 gift guides out here! Now onto the deals:http://www.businessinsider.com/amazon-black-friday-cyber-monday-echo-kindle-fire-deals-2017Black Friday is hands down the best day of the year to pick up an Amazon gadgetThe Insider Picks team writes about stuff we think you'll like. Business Insider has affiliate partnerships, so we get a share of the revenue from your purchase.

They're the devices that everyone talks about and seems to own. If you've been holding off on buying an Amazon Echo, Kindle, and Fire device, you've made the right decision.

During Black Friday, all of these devices will be discounted at their lowest prices yet (we say this at every major sale event and are happy to report the discounts just keep getting better and better each year).

For example, on Amazon Prime Day, the Echo was discounted at $89.99 — it will be $79.99 on Black Friday. The Echo Dot is also dropping another $10 from its previous lowest price offered to a cool $29.99.

We put all the Amazon device deals together in one place so you don't need to do as much work as you shop. These devices have been touted by our guides team in its best e-readers guide and best smart speaker guide, so you know they're among the best purchases you can make for yourself or a loved one.

See all the Amazon device Black Friday deals below:http://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/the-economic-cost-of-brexit-in-gdp-2017-11-1009247187£72 BILLION: The cost of Brexit is already turning Britain into a second-rung nation(Photo by Christopher Furlong - WPA Pool/Getty Images)

Brexit will cost Britain £72 billion in lost economic activity annually, according to an analysis of government figures.

Leaving the EU is already dragging down the British economy.

The UK is now growing more slowly than Japan or Italy.



LONDON - Chancellor Philip Hammond's annual budget, presented yesterday, has finally given Britain the first concrete numbers on the cost of Brexit.

The government's Office for Budget Responsibility published revised GDP growth numbers based on data following the June 2016 referendum. Those new estimates suggest that Brexit will cost Britain £72 billion in lost annual economic activity by 2021, according to an analysis by the Resolution Foundation.

Previously, the best estimate of the economic damage leaving Europe will inflict on the UK came from a private estimate by one of Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union David Davis's advisors, of about £22 billion per year, mostly from extra trade tariffs and barriers.

Here are the new GDP charts from the OBR.

They show other major economies such as the US, the EU, and Canada all growing faster now than they were in the six months prior to the Brexit referendum in 2016. Only in the UK has growth slowed, as the pound lost value and investors hit the pause button. Even Japan, an infamous economic basket case hobbled by years of stagnation, is doing better than the UK:

OBR

In terms of sequential GDP growth through Q3 2017, Britain now lags France and debt-ridden Italy, too. This chart of OECD data comes from Michael Baxter of Share Centre:

The Share Centre

This next chart shows how much we are forecast to lose in GDP activity every year, based on the difference between the OBR's previous estimate in March and its new estimate, from updated post-referendum data:

OBR

The Resolution Foundation says the gap will represent a loss of £72 billion in 2021:

"The economy is now expected to be roughly £42 billion smaller at the start of 2022 than was thought back in March. This downgrade comes on top of the deterioration pencilled in after the Brexit vote of June 2016. As such, the latest GDP projections point to an economy that will be £72 billion (or 3.4 percent) smaller in 2021 than had been projected in March 2016."

That's £72 billion in lost jobs, revenues, consumer spending, and so on.

There are other factors at play, of course. A big one is the UK's chronic lack of productivity, exacerbated by its refusal to allow in the young immigrant workers to generate the income tax receipts its ageing population needs to pay for the NHS and its state pensions.

But the OBR's downward revisions from March to November of this year all come in the post-Brexit-vote period, and the only thing of macroeconomic substance that changed between then and now was the realisation that the UK is headed toward hard Brexit rather than a trade deal that would keep the country closely tied to the single market.http://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/trump-gop-tax-reform-bill-analysis-reviews-text-2017-11-1009242271The GOP tax plan got a triple whammy of brutal reviewsChip Somodevilla/Getty Images

Three new analyses of the Senate's Tax Cuts and Jobs Act all delivered bad news for Republican leaders.

The Tax Policy Center found that more than 50% of Americans would see a tax increase in 2027 under the bill.

Only one out of 42 economists surveyed by the University of Chicago's Booth School of Business said the bill would increase economic growth substantially.

The Penn-Wharton Budget Model found that the bill would blow a hole in the federal deficit.



While Congress is on a weeklong Thanksgiving break, the breakneck speed of the Republican push to overhaul the US tax code has taken a bill close to passing in the Senate.

The latest version of the chamber's Tax Cuts and Jobs Act passed the Senate Finance Committee last Thursday, and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has said he wants to bring the bill for a full Senate vote when lawmakers return from the recess.

But on Tuesday, Republicans were hit with something of a triple whammy: Three different groups offered critical analyses of the bill's potentially negative effects on the federal budget, Americans' taxes, and the broader US economy. While the Senate is still expected to make changes to the legislation, each of the new studies shows that the Senate's bill has some significant underlying issues.

Tax Policy Center says it would raise taxes on half of Americans

Perhaps the most damning of the new reports came from the Urban Institute and Brookings Institution's Tax Policy Center.

The nonpartisan group's analysis of the legislation found that while all income groups would get a tax cut from the bill in the short term and long term, many Americans would also see their taxes increase. Per the report:

In 2019: Americans on average would see their taxes cut by $1,300, an increase in take-home pay of 1.7%. Americans in the middle quintile of income earners - $50,000 to $87,000 a year - would get a tax cut of $850 on average and receive 18.4% of the tax cuts' benefits. People in the top 1% of incomes, more than $750,000 a year, would see a cut of $34,130 on average and receive 17.6% of the bill's total benefit.

Americans on average would see their taxes cut by $1,300, an increase in take-home pay of 1.7%. Americans in the middle quintile of income earners - $50,000 to $87,000 a year - would get a tax cut of $850 on average and receive 18.4% of the tax cuts' benefits. People in the top 1% of incomes, more than $750,000 a year, would see a cut of $34,130 on average and receive 17.6% of the bill's total benefit. In 2027: The bill's proposed sunset of the individual tax cuts, combined with other changes to the code, means benefits would be substantially less for the middle class. The average cut for all Americans would be just $300, and 50.3% of American households would actually see their taxes increase by this point.



Those in the middle quintile of earners would see a tax cut of just $50 on average, and 65.6% of these people would see their taxes actually go up. People in the top 1% of income earners, however, would still get a tax cut of $32,510 on average and would receive 61.8% of the total tax benefits from the plan. Just 16.8% of people in the top 1% would see a tax increase.

Economists don't think the bill will grow the economy

Trump and Republicans have argued repeatedly that the cuts in the plan would stimulate economic growth and even help "pay for" its new spending. Most economists aren't buying the rosy projections.

But according to the IGM Forum survey of 42 academic economists by the University of Chicago's Booth School of Business, only one economist agreed that "US GDP will be substantially higher a decade from now" than under the current baseline.

In fact, 52% disagreed or strongly disagreed that the bill would lead to significant economic growth, and 36% were uncertain.

And when asked whether the "US debt-to-GDP ratio will be substantially higher" in 10 years under the bill compared with current law, 88% of the economists agreed or strongly agreed, 2% were uncertain, and the rest abstained.

Penn-Wharton budget model says the bill will blow a hole in the deficit

The final rough analysis for the legislation came from a new report from the University of Pennsylvania, using its Penn-Wharton Budget Model to assess the potential budgetary effects of the bill.

While Trump administration officials say the legislation would pay for itself, some Senate Republicans have been hesitant to support the bill over concerns that it would cause a massive increase in the federal debt.

The Penn model found that the bill would increase the federal deficit by $1.327 trillion over the first 10 years after it becomes law (not including debt-service costs). Even when factoring in the economic boost from the tax cuts, according to the report, the bill would still add $1.271 trillion in debt.

Either way, the model concludes that much like the House version of the bill, the Senate bill would not come close to paying for itself.http://markets.businessinsider.com/currencies/news/bitcoin-cash-price-rises-november-23-2017-11-1009208964Bitcoin cash is jumpingBitcoin cash up 17% against the dollar on Thursday morning.

The rise follows integration of the cryptocurrency with digital wallet Bitwalla and the exchange Bitstamp.



LONDON - Cryptocurrency Bitcoin Cash is jumping against the dollar on Thursday morning.

The digital currency, which was split off from bitcoin earlier this year, is up 16% against the greenback to $1,518.10 as of 7.45 a.m. GMT (2.45 a.m. ET): Markets Insider

The jump in price follows positive news flow surrounding bitcoin cash. Digital wallet provider Bitwalla, which has over 57,000, announced on Wednesday that it is allowing customers to hold bitcoin cash.

Separately, Bitstamp, the 12th biggest cryptocurrency exchange in the world, announced on Wednesday that it would be integrating bitcoin cash to its platform from December "in response to the demand."

However, bitcoin cash's price surge is not enough to put bitcoin cash in record territory. The cryptocurrency is still a way off its all-time of $1953.67, reached on November 12.

Elsewhere in the cryptocurrency space, bitcoin is down 0.5% against the dollar and ethereum is down 0.02% against the dollar.http://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/r-update-1-us-judge-orders-uber-customer-to-arbitrate-price-fixing-claims-2017-11-1009264981UPDATE 1-U.S. judge orders Uber customer to arbitrate price-fixing claims(Adds comment from plaintiff's lawyer, paragraph 4)

By Jonathan Stempel

NEW YORK, Nov 23 (Reuters) - A U.S. judge ruled that Uber can force an unhappy Connecticut customer's price-fixing case against the ride-service company into arbitration, after the customer said the proposed class action belonged in court because he never agreed to arbitrate.

In an order dated Wednesday, U.S. District Judge Jed Rakoff in Manhattan also dismissed claims by the customer, Spencer Meyer, against former Uber Technologies Inc Chief Executive Travis Kalanick, unless Meyer wished to arbitrate.

Rakoff, long a critic of mandatory arbitration, said he would explain his reasoning later. Reuters obtained a copy of his order, which was not available in online court records.

"We are awaiting the court's opinion and will consider all options as to how to proceed," John Briody, a lawyer for Meyer, said in an email on Thursday.

Uber said in an email: "We are pleased with the court's decision." Lawyers for Kalanick did not immediately respond on Thursday to requests for comment.

Arbitration clauses are often buried in lengthy terms of service that customers never see or would struggle to read.

Critics say the clauses, which often forbid class actions, dissuade many people from pursuing claims at all.

Meyer had accused San Francisco-based Uber and Kalanick of conspiring with drivers, whose earnings are shared with Uber, to charge "surge pricing" fares during peak demand periods.

He said he never agreed to arbitrate because a keypad had obscured a hyperlink to Uber's terms of service, including the arbitration clause, when he signed up with his smartphone.

Uber countered that Meyer had an unobstructed view of the hyperlink, and waived the keypad issue because he could have raised it sooner. The lawsuit began in December 2015.

Kalanick said claims against him must be dismissed because he was no longer Uber's chief executive. He resigned in June after a shareholder revolt.

On Aug. 17, the federal appeals court in Manhattan had reinstated the arbitration provision, overturning a July 2016 ruling by Rakoff that found it unenforceable.

Later that month, the appeals court said Rakoff may consider new evidence about how long Uber customers could see the hyperlink, including when entering credit card information.

Internet companies and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce have argued during the litigation that a loss by Uber could inhibit e-commerce and threaten the enforceability of online contracts.

The case is Meyer v. Kalanick et al, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 15-09796. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Jonathan Oatis and Dan Grebler)http://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/Avondale-Nissan-promotes-savings-on-Nissan-pickups-and-SUVs-with-Truck-Month-Event-1009264980Avondale Nissan promotes savings on Nissan pickups and SUVs with Truck Month EventAVONDALE, Ariz., Nov. 23, 2017 /PRNewswire-iReach/ -- Busy professionals and adventure-seekers alike have long depended on pickups and SUVs to fulfill their needs on the road and the worksite, ideals that Nissan vehicles are more than capable of delivering on. November is Truck Month at nationwide Nissan dealerships, and local dealer Avondale Nissan is currently promoting savings and incentives on top models such as the Frontier, Titan, and Armada.

With prior credit checks and financing approval (both of which can be had on the dealership's website), eligible consumers can receive up to $1000 of bonus cash towards their purchase. In addition, recent college graduates and military personnel can also apply for $1000 off, respectively.

The Truck Month sales event at Avondale Nissan will run until the end of November and extends to all new and used models in the dealership's inventory. Plus, with a selection of over 85 pickups and SUVs at the dealership, drivers are sure to find the right model to suit their desires and interests.

With Intelligent 4-wheel drive capabilities, NissanConnect™ infotainment system functionality and towing capacities that often exceed 6,000 pounds, the Frontier, Titan and Armada models are highly adaptable for customers that are looking for grit, determination, and innovation out of their daily driving experiences.

Those who would like more information on the current inventory at Avondale Nissan or would like to schedule a test drive are encouraged to contact the dealership directly by phone at (877) 921-9601 or online at avondalenissan.com. Avondale Nissan is located at 10305 W Papago Freeway in Avondale, Arizona.

Media Contact:Frank Kuna, Avondale Nissan, (877) 921-9601, rel="nofollow">fkuna@avondalenissan.com

News distributed by PR Newswire iReach: https://ireach.prnewswire.com

SOURCE Avondale Nissanhttp://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/Global-RX-to-OTC-Switching-Market-Current-and-Future-Trends-Report-2017-Featuring-Teva-Novartis-Bayer-Mylan-GSK-Perrigo-Valeant-Grifols-Mallinckrodt-1009264978Global RX-to-OTC Switching Market Current and Future Trends Report 2017 Featuring Teva, Novartis, Bayer, Mylan, GSK, Perrigo, Valeant, Grifols & MallinckrodtDUBLIN, November 23, 2017 /PRNewswire/ --

The "Current and Future Trends in RX-to-OTC Switching with Insight from Key Industry Opinion Leaders" report has been added to Research and Markets' offering.

The report Current and Future Trends in Rx-to-OTC Switching with Insight from Key Industry Opinion Leaders analyzes contemporary trends in Rx-to-OTC switching, a process in which a drug which has formerly been marketed as a prescription-only Rx drug is authorized for sale to the general public, without the need for a prescription.

Rx-to-OTC switching is the process of transferring Rx pharmaceuticals to non-prescription OTC status for the same dosage form, population, and route of administration. OTC drugs are defined as those that are safe and effective for use by the general public without requiring intervention from a healthcare professional to obtain the product. Therefore, OTC medicines are available through a far wider range of channels than Rx drugs, including pharmacies, department stores and E-commerce.

Drug switches can therefore make access to treatments much easier for patients. This offers the added benefit of freeing general practitioners from spending office time on minor issues or chronic conditions that patients can manage on their own.

For pharmaceutical companies, Rx-to-OTC switches allow lifecycle extension of an off-patent drug, moving it from an environment in which healthcare providers drive sales to one in which patients select their own medications and will often demonstrate brand loyalty towards the original drug. In general, the broadened availability of OTC products can often mean that sales of the drug will increase, in spite of the lower price point at which such drugs are sold.



Based on overall revenue, the OTC pharmaceutical market has been dominated by four main categories: cough, cold, and allergy; analgesics; dermatologicals; and gastrointestinals. These categories have led the OTC drugs market over the last two decades in revenue and volume.



Key barriers to switching include the potential for misuse and abuse of drugs, particularly for analgesics, and the resultant need to demonstrate safety and clear labelling to regulatory agencies. A lack of harmonization in OTC approval processes between different countries also increases the burden for companies that want to launch their products across multiple territories.



Companies mentioned in this report: Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, Novartis, Bayer, GlaxoSmithKline, Mylan, GlaxoSmithKline, Perrigo Company, Valeant, Pharmaceuticals International Inc, Grifols, Mallinckrodt.



Scope

What are the characteristics of an ideal Rx-to-OTC switching candidate?

How well have recent Rx-to-OTC switches performed, and into which therapeutic categories do they fall?

What are the key drivers and barriers of the global OTC market?

What are the key future trends that will influence the OTC market and Rx-to-OTC switches worldwide?

Which disease areas do industry professionals believe to hold the most opportunity for switches?

Which geographies hold the most potential for an OTC product, and which are the most amenable to Rx-to-OTC switching?

Key Reasons to Purchase

Gain a thorough understanding of Rx-to-OTC switching, including key concepts, the regulatory environment and geographic variations.

Understand the competitive environment of key disease areas in the OTC product space.

Identify the drug classes and indications which pharmaceutical professionals around the world believe hold the most opportunity for Rx-to-OTC switching.

Understand in depth the key trends driving and holding back the OTC market, both globally and within specific geographies.

Identify the geographies that are poised for growth, and those at the highest risk of experiencing reverse switching of products from OTC-to-Rx.

Understand which companies have been the most active in pursuing mergers and acquisitions in the OTC space.

Key Companies Featured



Teva Pharmaceutical Industries

Novartis

Bayer

GlaxoSmithKline

Mylan

GlaxoSmithKline

Perrigo Company

Valeant

Pharmaceuticals International Inc

Grifols

Mallinckrodt

Key Topics Covered:



1 Tables & Figures



2 Rx-to-OTC Switching Overview

2.1 What is Rx-to-OTC switching?



3 Leading Product Categories in the OTC Drugs Market

3.1 Cough, Cold and Allergy OTC Drugs

3.1.1 Overview

3.1.2 Market Analysis

3.2 Analgesics

3.2.1 Overview

3.2.2 Internal Analgesics

3.2.3 External Analgesics

3.2.4 Market Analysis

3.3 Dermatology

3.3.1 Overview

3.3.2 Market Analysis

3.4 Gastrointestinal

3.4.1 Overview

3.4.2 Market Analysis

3.5 Erectile Dysfunction and Premature Ejaculation as Potential Future Segments

3.5.1 Erectile Dysfunction

3.5.2 Premature Ejaculation

3.6 Which are the Fastest Growing Segments According to Industry Professionals?

3.7 Which Treatment Segments are Most Likely to Experience Future Rx-to-OTC Switches?

3.8 Which Indications are Most Likely to Experience Future Rx-to-OTC Switches?



4 Rx-to-OTC Switch Case Studies

4.1 Xyzal Allergy 24HR

4.1.1 Overview

4.1.2 Switch Benefits

4.1.3 Financial Impact of Switch

4.2 Differin Gel, 0.1%

4.2.1 Overview

4.2.2 Switch Benefits

4.2.3 Financial Impact of Switch

4.3 Nexium 24HR

4.3.1 Overview

4.3.2 Switch Benefits

4.3.3 Financial and Economic Impact of Switch

4.4 Nasacort Allergy 24HR

4.4.1 Overview

4.4.2 Switch Benefits

4.4.3 Financial Impact of Switch

4.5 Oxytrol For Women

4.5.1 Overview

4.5.2 Switch Benefits

4.5.3 Financial Impact of Switch



5 OTC Market Drivers and Barriers

5.1 Market Drivers

5.2 Market Barriers



6 Future Trends in the OTC Drugs Market and Rx-to-OTC Switches

6.1 Growing Global Market for OTC Products

6.2 Growing Consumer Interest in OTC Products

6.3 Will there be an Increase in Rx-to-OTC Switching?

6.4 Opinions as to the Benefits of Rx-to-OTC Switching for Healthcare Systems are Mixed

6.5 Changes to the US Healthcare System will Increase Demand for OTC Products

6.6 The Importance of Marketing

6.7 Personalized Therapy an Attractive Concept

6.8 Industry Professionals Believe Motivation of Patients to Self-Treat Disease and Clear Label Instructions to be Strong Criteria for Successful Rx-to-OTC Switching

6.9 Impact of Smart Healthcare

6.9.1 Self-Diagnosis

6.9.2 Health Management

6.10 Impact of E-Commerce

6.10.1 Online Pharmacies

6.11 Other Trends to Consider

6.11.1 Increasing Elderly Population

6.11.2 Increasing Industrialization and Pollutants

6.11.3 Sedentary Working Environments

6.11.4 Fast-Paced and Stressful Lifestyles



7 Current Regulations and Recent Developments in Key Markets

7.1 US

7.1.1 OTC Drug Regulations in the US

7.1.2 FDA Principles and Requirements for Rx-to-OTC Switches

7.1.3 US Regulations for Rx-to-OTC Switches: Approval Process

7.1.4 FDA-Approved OTC Switches 1976-2016: Trends and Developments

7.1.5 Will Switching Improve Patient Care?

7.1.6 List of Rx-to-OTC Switched Products from 2012 to August 2017

7.2 Europe

7.2.1 European Regulatory Guidelines for OTC Drugs

7.2.2 Need for Increased Harmonization of Regulatory Process in Europe

7.2.3 Further Regulatory Requirements for OTC Switches in Europe

7.2.4 Will Switching Improve Patient Care in the EU?

7.2.5 Brexit, Boots and the UK

7.3 Asia-Pacific

7.3.1 Key Historical Developments in Japan

7.3.2 India

7.3.3 China



8 Other Geographic Trends and Insights

8.1 Australia

8.2 Canada

8.3 China

8.4 Germany

8.5 Poland

8.6 South Korea

8.7 Sweden

8.8 Russia

8.9 Greatest Revenue-Generating OTC Markets

8.10 In Which Countries is Reverse Switching a Possibility?



9 Mergers and Acquisitions: Trends in the OTC Drugs Market

9.1 OTC Mergers and Acquisition Trends

9.1.1 Almost Half of Deals Had an Undisclosed Value

9.1.2 Companies Focus on Acquisitions and Asset Transactions

9.1.3 Leading Companies Continue to Consolidate Market Position

9.2 Companies with Multiple M&A Deals in Recent Years



10 Appendix



For more information about this report visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/76hmwb/current_and





Media Contact:

Laura Wood, Senior Manager

rel="nofollow">press@researchandmarkets.com



For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470

For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630

For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900



U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907

Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716

View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-rx-to-otc-switching-market-current-and-future-trends-report-2017-featuring-teva-novartis-bayer-mylan-gsk-perrigo-valeant-grifols--mallinckrodt-300561431.html

SOURCE Research and Marketshttp://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/Global-RX-to-OTC-Switching-Market-Current-and-Future-Trends-Report-2017-Featuring-Teva-Novartis-Bayer-Mylan-GSK-Perrigo-Valeant-Grifols-Mallinckrodt-1009264977Global RX-to-OTC Switching Market Current and Future Trends Report 2017 Featuring Teva, Novartis, Bayer, Mylan, GSK, Perrigo, Valeant, Grifols & MallinckrodtDUBLIN, November 23, 2017 /PRNewswire/ --

The "Current and Future Trends in RX-to-OTC Switching with Insight from Key Industry Opinion Leaders" report has been added to Research and Markets' offering.

The report Current and Future Trends in Rx-to-OTC Switching with Insight from Key Industry Opinion Leaders analyzes contemporary trends in Rx-to-OTC switching, a process in which a drug which has formerly been marketed as a prescription-only Rx drug is authorized for sale to the general public, without the need for a prescription.

Rx-to-OTC switching is the process of transferring Rx pharmaceuticals to non-prescription OTC status for the same dosage form, population, and route of administration. OTC drugs are defined as those that are safe and effective for use by the general public without requiring intervention from a healthcare professional to obtain the product. Therefore, OTC medicines are available through a far wider range of channels than Rx drugs, including pharmacies, department stores and E-commerce.

Drug switches can therefore make access to treatments much easier for patients. This offers the added benefit of freeing general practitioners from spending office time on minor issues or chronic conditions that patients can manage on their own.

For pharmaceutical companies, Rx-to-OTC switches allow lifecycle extension of an off-patent drug, moving it from an environment in which healthcare providers drive sales to one in which patients select their own medications and will often demonstrate brand loyalty towards the original drug. In general, the broadened availability of OTC products can often mean that sales of the drug will increase, in spite of the lower price point at which such drugs are sold.



Based on overall revenue, the OTC pharmaceutical market has been dominated by four main categories: cough, cold, and allergy; analgesics; dermatologicals; and gastrointestinals. These categories have led the OTC drugs market over the last two decades in revenue and volume.



Key barriers to switching include the potential for misuse and abuse of drugs, particularly for analgesics, and the resultant need to demonstrate safety and clear labelling to regulatory agencies. A lack of harmonization in OTC approval processes between different countries also increases the burden for companies that want to launch their products across multiple territories.



Companies mentioned in this report: Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, Novartis, Bayer, GlaxoSmithKline, Mylan, GlaxoSmithKline, Perrigo Company, Valeant, Pharmaceuticals International Inc, Grifols, Mallinckrodt.



Scope

What are the characteristics of an ideal Rx-to-OTC switching candidate?

How well have recent Rx-to-OTC switches performed, and into which therapeutic categories do they fall?

What are the key drivers and barriers of the global OTC market?

What are the key future trends that will influence the OTC market and Rx-to-OTC switches worldwide?

Which disease areas do industry professionals believe to hold the most opportunity for switches?

Which geographies hold the most potential for an OTC product, and which are the most amenable to Rx-to-OTC switching?

Key Reasons to Purchase

Gain a thorough understanding of Rx-to-OTC switching, including key concepts, the regulatory environment and geographic variations.

Understand the competitive environment of key disease areas in the OTC product space.

Identify the drug classes and indications which pharmaceutical professionals around the world believe hold the most opportunity for Rx-to-OTC switching.

Understand in depth the key trends driving and holding back the OTC market, both globally and within specific geographies.

Identify the geographies that are poised for growth, and those at the highest risk of experiencing reverse switching of products from OTC-to-Rx.

Understand which companies have been the most active in pursuing mergers and acquisitions in the OTC space.

Key Companies Featured



Teva Pharmaceutical Industries

Novartis

Bayer

GlaxoSmithKline

Mylan

GlaxoSmithKline

Perrigo Company

Valeant

Pharmaceuticals International Inc

Grifols

Mallinckrodt

Key Topics Covered:



1 Tables & Figures



2 Rx-to-OTC Switching Overview

2.1 What is Rx-to-OTC switching?



3 Leading Product Categories in the OTC Drugs Market

3.1 Cough, Cold and Allergy OTC Drugs

3.1.1 Overview

3.1.2 Market Analysis

3.2 Analgesics

3.2.1 Overview

3.2.2 Internal Analgesics

3.2.3 External Analgesics

3.2.4 Market Analysis

3.3 Dermatology

3.3.1 Overview

3.3.2 Market Analysis

3.4 Gastrointestinal

3.4.1 Overview

3.4.2 Market Analysis

3.5 Erectile Dysfunction and Premature Ejaculation as Potential Future Segments

3.5.1 Erectile Dysfunction

3.5.2 Premature Ejaculation

3.6 Which are the Fastest Growing Segments According to Industry Professionals?

3.7 Which Treatment Segments are Most Likely to Experience Future Rx-to-OTC Switches?

3.8 Which Indications are Most Likely to Experience Future Rx-to-OTC Switches?



4 Rx-to-OTC Switch Case Studies

4.1 Xyzal Allergy 24HR

4.1.1 Overview

4.1.2 Switch Benefits

4.1.3 Financial Impact of Switch

4.2 Differin Gel, 0.1%

4.2.1 Overview

4.2.2 Switch Benefits

4.2.3 Financial Impact of Switch

4.3 Nexium 24HR

4.3.1 Overview

4.3.2 Switch Benefits

4.3.3 Financial and Economic Impact of Switch

4.4 Nasacort Allergy 24HR

4.4.1 Overview

4.4.2 Switch Benefits

4.4.3 Financial Impact of Switch

4.5 Oxytrol For Women

4.5.1 Overview

4.5.2 Switch Benefits

4.5.3 Financial Impact of Switch



5 OTC Market Drivers and Barriers

5.1 Market Drivers

5.2 Market Barriers



6 Future Trends in the OTC Drugs Market and Rx-to-OTC Switches

6.1 Growing Global Market for OTC Products

6.2 Growing Consumer Interest in OTC Products

6.3 Will there be an Increase in Rx-to-OTC Switching?

6.4 Opinions as to the Benefits of Rx-to-OTC Switching for Healthcare Systems are Mixed

6.5 Changes to the US Healthcare System will Increase Demand for OTC Products

6.6 The Importance of Marketing

6.7 Personalized Therapy an Attractive Concept

6.8 Industry Professionals Believe Motivation of Patients to Self-Treat Disease and Clear Label Instructions to be Strong Criteria for Successful Rx-to-OTC Switching

6.9 Impact of Smart Healthcare

6.9.1 Self-Diagnosis

6.9.2 Health Management

6.10 Impact of E-Commerce

6.10.1 Online Pharmacies

6.11 Other Trends to Consider

6.11.1 Increasing Elderly Population

6.11.2 Increasing Industrialization and Pollutants

6.11.3 Sedentary Working Environments

6.11.4 Fast-Paced and Stressful Lifestyles



7 Current Regulations and Recent Developments in Key Markets

7.1 US

7.1.1 OTC Drug Regulations in the US

7.1.2 FDA Principles and Requirements for Rx-to-OTC Switches

7.1.3 US Regulations for Rx-to-OTC Switches: Approval Process

7.1.4 FDA-Approved OTC Switches 1976-2016: Trends and Developments

7.1.5 Will Switching Improve Patient Care?

7.1.6 List of Rx-to-OTC Switched Products from 2012 to August 2017

7.2 Europe

7.2.1 European Regulatory Guidelines for OTC Drugs

7.2.2 Need for Increased Harmonization of Regulatory Process in Europe

7.2.3 Further Regulatory Requirements for OTC Switches in Europe

7.2.4 Will Switching Improve Patient Care in the EU?

7.2.5 Brexit, Boots and the UK

7.3 Asia-Pacific

7.3.1 Key Historical Developments in Japan

7.3.2 India

7.3.3 China



8 Other Geographic Trends and Insights

8.1 Australia

8.2 Canada

8.3 China

8.4 Germany

8.5 Poland

8.6 South Korea

8.7 Sweden

8.8 Russia

8.9 Greatest Revenue-Generating OTC Markets

8.10 In Which Countries is Reverse Switching a Possibility?



9 Mergers and Acquisitions: Trends in the OTC Drugs Market

9.1 OTC Mergers and Acquisition Trends

9.1.1 Almost Half of Deals Had an Undisclosed Value

9.1.2 Companies Focus on Acquisitions and Asset Transactions

9.1.3 Leading Companies Continue to Consolidate Market Position

9.2 Companies with Multiple M&A Deals in Recent Years



10 Appendix



For more information about this report visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/76hmwb/current_and





Media Contact:

Laura Wood, Senior Manager

rel="nofollow">press@researchandmarkets.com



For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470

For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630

For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900



U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907

Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716http://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/opening-bell-november-22-2017-11-100908656510 things you need to know before the opening bellReuters / Carlos Barria

Here is what you need to know.

President Donald Trump said the AT&T-Time Warner deal is 'not good for the country'. He made the comments to reporters on the White House lawn, and they came one day after the US Department of Justice sued to block AT&T's $84.5 billion takeover of Time Warner.

Meg Whitman is stepping down from the CEO job at Hewlett Packard Enterprise. It was an unexpected announcement that comes several months after she was identified as interviewing for the CEO job at Uber, though she ultimately did not get it. She'll be replaced by Antonio Neri, currently the president of HPE.

Uber reportedly paid hackers $100,000 to cover up a cyberattack that exposed the personal data of 57 million people. The data breach, which occurred in October 2016, was not made public until Tuesday when Uber quietly published a blog post about the incident.

Salesforce's third quarter revenues were up 25% from last year. Earlier in November, the company announced its revenue growth plan and a timeline which includes more than doubling its annual revenues from $8.4 billion in 2017 to $20 billion by 2022.

Dash, the fifth largest cryptocurrency, hit a new all-time high. Posts on Reddit and chatrooms like 4Chan suggest that Dash could soon be highlighted as an investment opportunity in Palm Beach Confidential, a cryptocurrency investment newsletter.

Mandalay Bay is in crisis as hundreds of Las Vegas shooting victims accuse hotel of missing red flags. They're filing lawsuits against the operator of the hotel where the gunman was staying.

A $9 billion French asset manager is launching Europe's first bitcoin mutual fund. Tobam, which had $9 billion in assets under management as of September, plans to launch an unregulated alternative investment fund that will allow institutional investors to gain exposure to bitcoin.

Australia just received another worrying reading on the fragility of household finances. The National Australia Bank's Cashless Retail Sales Index, a measures of spending patterns from its customers using debit and credit cards, BPAY, and Paypal, grew by just 0.2% last month, leaving the year-over-year increase at 6.5%, the weakest level in the three-year history of the survey.

Stock markets around the world climbed. Hong Kong's Hang Seng (+0.62%) rose in Asia, while the Nikkei increased (+0.5%). The FTSE 100 (+0.60%) led gains across Europe, which saw the Euro Stoxx 50 rise (+0.42%). The S&P 500 is set to open up 0.1% near 2,599 a day after closing at a record high.http://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/trump-att-time-warner-deal-not-good-for-country-2017-11-1008985655Trump says the AT&T-Time Warner deal is 'not good for the country' (T, TWX)Reuters / Carlo Allegri

President Donald Trump told White House reporters on Tuesday that AT&T's proposed acquisition of Time Warner is "not good for the country."

The comments echo those made by Trump on the campaign trail in October 2016.

Trump has been a staunch opponent of the deal for over a year, and has repeatedly voiced his displeasure with CNN, which is owned by Time Warner.



The hits keep coming for AT&T's proposed acquisition of Time Warner.

President Donald Trump spoke to reporters on the White House lawn on Tuesday afternoon, saying, "Personally, I always felt that was a deal that's not good for the country. He also said, "I'm not going to get involved - it's litigation."

His comments come one day after the US Department of Justice sued to block AT&T's $84.5 billion takeover of Time Warner.

The statements echo comments Trump made on the campaign trail back in October 2016, when he said a successful deal would result in "too much concentration of power in the hands of too few," and also said "deals like this destroy democracy."

Trump's Justice Department - most notably Makan Delrahim, the antitrust chief he nominated - would seem to agree. In a complaint filed on Monday, the regulatory body focused on what it sees as potentially anti-competitive behavior that could result from a completed deal. AT&T already owns DirecTV, which is mentioned throughout the complaint as a particular cause for concern.

The news of the antitrust lawsuit followed recent reports that the Justice Department demanded AT&T and Time Warner sell Turner Broadcasting, the group of channels that includes CNN, to receive approval for the deal. The entire ordeal comes amid Trump's repeated insistence that CNN is "fake news."

Regulatory concerns about the merger have ramped up since Delrahim started in his new role. After assuming duties in September, he pushed for the divestiture of either Turner Broadcasting or DirecTV during negotiations, according to a Bloomberg report.

Trump's concerns echo those expressed by many critics of the deal who think that too much consolidation in the media and telecom industries is ultimately bad for both. Still, antitrust experts have said that on a strictly legal basis, fighting the deal might be difficult for the DOJ.

Whether the deal can proceed will be up to a federal judge. It's also possible the two sides will negotiate a settlement that would allow it to continue.

AT&T's stock slid 0.9% for Tuesday's session, while Time Warner shares were little changed.

Markets Insiderhttp://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/trump-tax-reform-cheap-hedges-to-protect-against-failure-2017-11-1008961712There's a cheap way for traders to protect against tax reform failureGoldman Sachs and other Wall Street firms are bullish on US stocks for 2018, estimating that the index will continue to rise.

A big part of that optimism centers around tax reform, for which expectations are being priced into forecasts.

Goldman says that it's wise to hedge against tax reform failure, especially since one specific options trade is so inexpensive right now.



Strategists up and down Wall Street are bullish on stocks through the end of next year, and a big part of that stems from optimism around tax reform. But by that same token, if policy progress fails to materialize, that could spark a considerable sell off in equities.

Luckily, market conditions are shaping up to give traders an inexpensive way to hedge against this potential loss, says Goldman Sachs.

The firm's derivatives strategy team has concocted a trade known as a put spread: Buy a specific number of S&P 500 contracts expiring in February with a strike price of 2,525, while selling the same number of February puts with a strike price of 2,400.

For reference, bearish put spreads are used when a moderate decline in the underlying asset is expected - in this case, Goldman's trade will be "in the money" about 5% below the S&P 500's current level.

"Failure of tax reform is enough of a short-term possibility that it is worth hedging," Rocky Fishman, an equity derivatives strategist at Goldman Sachs, said in a client note. "With the S&P 500 within 1% of its high, we believe prudent investors should take advantage of low option prices to hedge."

So what makes this particular trade so attractively priced? Goldman attributes it to historically low volatility and high skew, the latter of which reflects the willingness of investors to pay a premium for calls. The combination of the two factors "gives put spreads materially higher payout multiples than they usually have," says Fishman.

Goldman Sachs

Lastly, Goldman stresses that buying the put spread is the best way to hedge against tax reform downside, rather than simply holding money on the sidelines. This is both because the options are cheap right now, and because it provides better outcomes in a wider range of market scenarios.

"Prudent investors should own stocks and hedge with put spreads instead of running high cash balances," said Fishman.http://markets.businessinsider.com/commodities/news/r-canada-stocks-futures-gain-on-higher-oil-prices-2017-11-1008934277Canadian futures gain on higher oil prices (BBD., TRP, ATD.)Nov 21 (Reuters) - Stock futures pointed to a higher opening for Canada's main stock index on Tuesday as oil prices rose with traders looking forward to next week's OPEC meeting when major exporters are expected to extend production cuts.

December futures on the S&P TSX index were up 0.3 percent at 7:15 a.m. ET.

Wholesale trade data for September is due at 8:30 a.m. ET.

Canada's benchmark stock index edged up to a one-week high on Monday as financial and consumer discretionary shares gained ground, while energy and mining stocks were pressured by lower commodity prices.

Dow Jones Industrial Average e-mini futures were up 0.32 percent at 7:15 a.m. ET, while S&P 500 e-mini futures were up 0.28 percent and Nasdaq 100 e-mini futures were up 0.35 percent.

(Morning News Call newsletter http://share.thomsonreuters.com/assets/newsletters/Morning_News_Call/MNC_US.pdf ; The Day Ahead newsletter http://share.thomsonreuters.com/assets/newsletters/The_Day_Ahead/TDA_NAM.pdf)

TOP STORIES

Bombardier Inc said on Monday it priced $1 billion worth of seven-year bonds at par with a final yield of 7.5 percent per year, underscoring strong demand for the deal partly slated to retire debt maturing in 2019.

Drug company Concordia overcharged Britain's health service millions of pounds for an essential thyroid drug by abusing its position as the only supplier, the country's Competition and Markets Authority said on Tuesday.

Canada Corp has started initial excavation work at the site of an oil spill on its Keystone pipeline in South Dakota but has not yet pinpointed where the leak came from, a state official said on Monday.

ANALYST RESEARCH HIGHLIGHTS

Bombardier: JP Morgan raises rating to "overweight" from "neutral"

Alimentation Couche-Tard: National Bank of Canada raises target price to C$75

TransCanada Corp: CIBC raises price target to C$75 from C$70

COMMODITIES AT 7:15 a.m. ET

Gold futures: $1,277.90; +0.19 pct

US crude: $56.56; rose 0.25 percent

Brent crude: $62.39; rose 0.27 percent

LME 3-month copper: $6864; rose 0.53 percent

U.S. ECONOMIC DATA DUE ON TUESDAY

0830 National Activity Index for Oct: Prior 0.17

1000 Existing home sales for Oct: Expected 5.42 mln; Prior 5.39 mln

1000 Existing home sales percentage change for Oct: Expected 0.7 pct; Prior 0.7 pct

FOR CANADIAN MARKETS NEWS, CLICK ON CODES:

TSX market report

Canadian dollar and bonds report

Reuters global stocks poll for Canada

Canadian markets directory

($1= C$1.28) (Reporting By Debanjan Bose in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza)http://markets.businessinsider.com/commodities/news/stock-news-trader-chat-oil-global-markets-november-20-1008796936Here's a super-quick guide to what traders are talking about right nowGetty Images

Dave Lutz, head of ETFs at JonesTrading, has an overview of today's markets.

Here's Lutz:

Morning! US Futures are mixed, with the Spoos and Russell off small, while Nasdaq Outperforming as M&A Heats up in Semis (MRVL for CAVM). Decent rally from lows going on overseas, as the DAX has busted green, with a sharp rebound is happening in the Banks. DB and Commerz are up 2% from intraday lows. Carmakers are revving up, with VW up nearly 4%. Utes are the finally leg in the rally today, as German Political angst sparks thots of easing environmental regulations. Healthcare acting well behind Roche’s 4% pop on trial headers. FTSE is lagging a bit, as the Miners see profit-taking, but Volumes in London are off 30%+ to trend. In Asia, Sellers returned to Japan where the Nikkei lost 60bp - Hang Seng gained 20bp and Shanghai up 20bp, while Shenzhen up 1%, shrugging off China Financial Regulation headlines - KOSPI down 20bp, but KOSDAQ up 1.2%, while Aussie lost small as Miners were under pressure

The US 10YY is up small, after bouncing from 2.32%/200d in the overnight. Bund yields are acting like they are putting in a weekly double-bottom, popping from last week’s 35bp lows. The DXY has a slight bid, despite a decent rally from 2month lows in the Euro, which is trying to shrug off the collapse of German Coalition Talks. Ahead of UK budget on Weds, sterling showing life against $ and Euro, while that $/Y cross held multiple downside tests of 112. Ore was up 1.6% to September highs, but all other metals are red, paced by a 1%+ drop in Silver and Platinum. WTI is seeing slight profit-taking from last week’s surge as the weekend headlines from Middle East were quiet. Natty seeing some decent pressure, dropping nearly 2% early.http://markets.businessinsider.com/currencies/news/bitcoin-price-soars-to-new-high-above-8300-after-30-million-crypto-hack-2017-11-1008960603Bitcoin soars to new high above $8,300 after $30 million crypto hackMI

Bitcoin soared to a new all-time high Tuesday above $8,300 per coin.

The coin recovered losses it incurred after a different cryptocurrency announced a $30.9 million hack.

Bitcoin's upward climbed continued unabated Monday morning.

The cryptocurrency blew past Monday's record high of $8,285 to $8,368 Tuesday morning, trading up 1.24%. It gave up some of those gains and was trading at $8,289 just before noon ET.

The coin was sent in a tailspin after news broke that cryptocurrency firm, Tether, was hacked.

Tether, which created a cryptocurrency called USDT that is pegged to the dollar, said in a blog post on Tuesday that "funds were improperly removed from the Tether treasury wallet through malicious action by an external attacker."

The US-based company said $30,950,010 was taken Sunday.

Th news dragged the price of bitcoin down by nearly $450 early Tuesday, according to CoinDesk data.http://markets.businessinsider.com/currencies/news/cryptocurrency-ico-bubble-2017-11-1008932213This is the tech bubble we have been waiting forCNBC screengrab

Smart people like the venture capitalist Bill Gurley are beginning to worry that so-called initial coin offerings are a bubble.

People are investing in bitcoin and other digital coins even though they hold no equity value and offer no claims on any kind of underlying asset.

On that definition, ICOs are actually worse than dot-com stocks in 1999 — at least back then investors owned a piece of a company with a revenue stream.

Crypto bulls keep saying bitcoin is "an established store of value."

The problem is that the value being stored is simply everyone else's agreement that there must be value here. There is no other asset. And that is what a bubble looks like.



The venture capitalist Bill Gurley was recently asked whether he thought cryptocurrency "initial coin offerings" were in a bubble. Billions of dollars have been poured into more than 1,000 new digital coins issued by startups this year. These coins mimic the construction of bitcoin, meaning they can be freely traded on digital exchanges and have no central bank standing behind them.

Gurley had an interesting answer. Yes, he said, ICOs look speculative, because interest rates are so low and "there is nowhere [else] to put money."

"As long as those interest rates stay as low as they are, I think you'll continue to see some form of speculative behaviour, and tech is a great place for speculation," he told CNBC. "Look at what is going on in the ICO market, in cryptocurrencies, and you see that no one is afraid to speculate in this market."

The ICO sector today has one big thing in common with the dot-com bubble of 1999: People are "investing" vast sums of money into "assets" that have no history of producing revenue, and those assets are rising in price only because other people are also pouring money into them.

Ethereum, the second-biggest cryptocurrency after bitcoin, was launched through an ICO in 2014. Ethereum has risen by over 3,000% against the dollar in 2017, and its success is one of the reasons people are feeling good about crypto right now. But many of the other coins that have sprung up in its wake look a lot more risky.

$200 billion invested in something that cannot be described as an 'asset'

The amount of money being poured into ICOs is vast. As these charts from Goldman Sachs show, ICO investment is now a larger source of new investment money than traditional early-stage VC tech-startup investment:

Goldman SachsThe total market, including bitcoin, is now worth more than $200 billion, or £151 billion, according to CoinMarketCap.com:

CoinMarketCap.com

The chart below from Shane Oliver, the chief economist and chief investment officer at AMP Capital, puts bitcoin in historical perspective with other major asset bubbles. The lines on the chart are indexed to make them comparable to one another and show that the rush into bitcoin is roughly comparable to the dot-com bubble in 1999-2000.

AMP Capital

Investing in poker chips, hookers, and a really big fish tank

In an ICO, a company offers to sell digital tokens to fund its business. The tokens (or "coins") may allow the buyer to get a product or service from the new company at a later date. Like bitcoin, their value can go up and down, and they can be bought and sold in an open market. The ownership of the coins is recorded on blockchains, which are secure, open-source ledgers that underpin the currencies and are protected by cryptography.

The bet with an ICO is that a token will rise in value. There are two sources of demand for tokens: from people who need them to redeem services from the company that issued them and from other investors who think the token will rise in price like a stock or a currency.

There is an argument that many ICOs should not be described as "investments" because they do not give buyers actual equity in the companies that offer them, only credit that can be redeemed at a later date. At Ethereum's launch, for instance, the founder Vitalik Buterin made it explicit that Ethereum and its ether currency were not the same as an equity investment:

"Ether is a product, NOT a security or investment offering. Ether is simply a token useful for paying transaction fees or building or purchasing decentralized application services on the Ethereum platform; it does not give you voting rights over anything, and we make no guarantees of its future value."

My favourite example of this phenomenon is the cryptocurrency casino that wants to give buyers nonnegotiable coins that can be gambled inside a hotel that will float in the sea off Macau. The company, Dragon Corp., is literally asking you to "invest" in poker chips.

That isn't even the wildest ICO so far. We have also seen:

Worse than the dot-com bubble of 1999

In some ways, ICOs are worse than dot-com stocks in 1999. At least with a dot-com stock you owned an actual piece of equity in the underlying company (even if, like TheGlobe.com, a failed social-media network, it had revenue of only $780,000 a quarter).

The assets being offered in an ICO aren't backed by an existing revenue stream. Rather, it is a speculative bet on the success of some future product, and you must make that bet before the company has created the product you're buying.

On that measure, dot-com companies actually looked more solid than ICOs. Pets.com actually sold pet food. Boo.com actually sold clothes. There was something there, even if it didn't make profits as a business.

With ICOs you don't even have that. It's a bit like Mark Zuckerberg funding the early days of Facebook by offering you credit for free "likes" instead of common stock.

Bitcoin and Ethereum are Google and Amazon ... ICOs are Pets.com and Boo.com

It's perhaps worth drawing a distinction here between the two big cryptocurrency players, bitcoin and Ethereum, and the thousands of "altcoins" that have been issued this year. Unlike most ICO coins, bitcoin and Ethereum aren't geared toward specific projects. Bitcoin is an all-purpose digital asset, and Ethereum's ether is meant to underpin an all-purpose application platform, which multiple blue-chip companies are looking at using. Bitcoin and Ethereum are useful because they are widely used, like cash. Altcoins, however, are credits for a limited, defined service.

It is obviously not the case that because much of the crypto sphere is a bubble that it is all a bubble. The dot-com bust of 2000 didn't prove that the entire internet was useless — just that it was inflated with immature ideas. Bitcoin and Ethereum may turn out to be the Google and Amazon of crypto, but there will be plenty of altcoin equivalents of Pets.com and Boo.com, too.

Gurley was also asked whether bitcoin was a bubble. He said no. Bitcoin is different, he said.

I don't think it's a fraud.

"I think of it as an incredible store of value in the rest of the world," he said, adding: "I don't think it's a fraud."

At the massive Web Summit tech conference in Lisbon, Portugal, this year, I heard a version of that phrase a lot: "Bitcoin is an established store of value." It was like a mantra. People said it as if merely repeating it made it truer.

But there is a real problem with that formulation.

A "store of value" is a term used to refer to an asset that can be saved and reliably sold at a later date because it predictably maintains its value over time. Traditional stores of value include money (pounds, euros, and dollars), stocks, bonds, gold, and property. There are many others. These assets "store value" because when you want to exchange them they have most likely retained most of their value or increased it. They achieve this by giving the owner a claim on an underlying asset that has its own use: Money is backed by a central bank guaranteeing its value with actual assets on a balance sheet; stocks offer dividends and future earnings; bonds pay interest; gold can be used for jewelry or manufacturing; and you can live in or rent property until it can be sold.

When the property bubble collapsed in 2008, at least people still owned houses

The problem with bitcoin is that it isn't backed by a useful asset. Its price is set only by supply and demand. That means bitcoin can go to zero, because there are zero assets behind it, if people suddenly agree that bitcoin on its own is worthless.

Stocks, bonds, and houses can collapse in value too, of course. But even when they do, you still own a stock, or a bond, or a house.

In terms of underlying assets, there is no fundamental difference between bitcoin and any of the other cryptocurrency ICOs on the market. Sure, bitcoin is now a few years old, and its price has generally gone up over time. If you bought bitcoin years ago, then it really does feel as if you stored value.

But bitcoin has no houses or stock certificates or interest coupons, and there is no company behind it generating revenue whose profits you might share. And neither do any of the other crypto coins. If these coins — including bitcoin — go to zero, then you own nothing.

This is why the crypto space has so many similar characteristics to 1999. (Take it from me: I lived through 1999, including the worthless stock certificates and the unemployment payments that came after it).

With cryptocurrencies, the value being stored is simply everyone else's agreement that there must be value here. There is no other asset.

And that is what a bubble looks like.http://markets.businessinsider.com/etfs/direxion-daily-junior-gold-miners-idx-bull-3x-shsDIREXION DAILY JUNIOR GOLD MINERS IDX BULL 3X SHS ETFsNo portfolio available. Please provide the name of the new portfolio additionally.

No watchlist available. Please provide the name of the new watchlist additionally.http://markets.businessinsider.com/etfs/consumer-staples-select-sector-spdr-fundCONSUMER STAPLES SELECT SECTOR SPDR FUND ETFsNo portfolio available. Please provide the name of the new portfolio additionally.

No watchlist available. Please provide the name of the new watchlist additionally.http://www.businessinsider.com/nfl-week-12-power-rankings-2017-11NFL POWER RANKINGS: Where all 32 teams stand going into Week 12The NFL season remains a tale of two divisions. The NFC is loaded, with the Eagles showing no signs of slowing down, the Saints bringing their win streak to eight games, and the Vikings, Rams, Panthers, Lions, Falcons, and Seahawks locked in a death race that will leave at least one good team out of the postseason. The AFC, meanwhile, appears to be the Patriots and the Steelers — and then everyone else. The Chiefs are sliding, and we're still waiting for the Jaguars to prove they're a true threat in the postseason. See where each team stands as we head into Week 12: View As: One Page Slides

32. Cleveland Browns Record: 0-10 Last week: Lost to the Jaguars, 19-7 This week: at Cincinnati Bengals One thing to know: The Browns' Week 11 loss was their 35th loss in 37 games. Time is running out to get win No. 1 this year.

31. San Francisco 49ers Record: 1-9 Last week: Bye This week: vs. Seattle Seahawks One thing to know: C.J. Beathard led the Niners to their first win of the year, against the Giants, in their last game before their bye week, but the newly acquired Jimmy Garoppolo has now had an extra week of practice to get up to speed on the San Francisco offense. Will this be the day we finally see Jimmy G make his debut?

30. Chicago Bears Record: 3-7 Last week: Lost to the Lions, 27-24 This week: at Philadelphia Eagles One thing to know: The Bears cut kicker Connor Barth after he missed what would have been the tying field goal with eight seconds left on Sunday. "It wasn’t going great," head coach John Fox said after the team cut Barth.

29. New York Giants Record: 2-8 Last week: Beat the Chiefs, 12-9 This week: at Washington Redskins One thing to know: The Giants' win against the Chiefs may have made Ben McAdoo's continued employment a bit easier to swallow for New York fans, but it also hurt the team's chances in the race for a top 2018 draft pick.

28. Denver Broncos Record: 3-7 Last week: Lost to the Bengals, 20-17 This week: at Oakland Raiders One thing to know: Six straight losses and seven in eight games have left the Broncos a mess. The team fired offensive coordinator Mike McCoy after just 10 games, and GM John Elway called the team "soft," a comment with which some players did not agree.

27. Indianapolis Colts Record: 3-7 Last week: Bye This week: vs. Tennessee Titans One thing to know: Quarterback Jacoby Brissett is still expected to start Sunday despite being in concussion protocol, a reality that prompts the question: What ever happened to Andrew Luck?

26. Cincinnati Bengals Record: 4-6 Last week: Beat the Broncos, 20-17 This week: vs. Cleveland Browns One thing to know: After cornerback Dre Kirkpatrick failed to return an interception for a touchdown in the thin Denver air, his teammates gave him an oxygen tank as a gift.

25. Miami Dolphins Record: 4-6 Last week: Lost to the Buccaneers, 30-20 This week: at New England Patriots One thing to know: The Dolphins have lost four straight but remain in the playoff hunt in the weak AFC. Jay Cutler left Week 11 after three interceptions and was placed in concussion protocol, meaning it may be Matt Moore's show in Week 12.

24. Tampa Bay Buccaneers Record: 4-6 Last week: Beat the Dolphins, 30-20 This week: at Atlanta Falcons One thing to know: With their second straight win with Ryan Fitzpatrick at the helm, there's an argument to be made that the Buccaneers have looked stronger this year under his leadership than that of Jameis Winston.

23. Houston Texans Record: 4-6 Last week: Beat the Cardinals, 31-21 This week: at Baltimore Ravens One thing to know: Last weekend gave the Texans their first win since rookie sensation Deshaun Watson went down with a season-ending injury. It was a solid win, but Tom Savage and company will have a tougher go at it this weekend against a Ravens defense that has already recorded three shutouts on the year.

22. New York Jets Record: 4-6 Last week: Bye This week: vs. Carolina Panthers One thing to know: The Jets remain in the playoff hunt, but it won't be easy. They still have to play the 7-3 Panthers, the 6-4 Chiefs, the 8-2 Saints, and the 8-2 Patriots.

21. Buffalo Bills Record: 5-5 Last week: Lost to the Chargers, 54-24 This week: at Kansas City Chiefs One thing to know: The Bills' decision to bench Tyrod Taylor for the rookie Nathan Peterman backfired immediately, with Peterman throwing five interceptions in just two quarters before being pulled. Will the Buffalo coaching staff stick to its guns or put Taylor back under center to try to save the team's push for the playoffs?

20. Arizona Cardinals Record: 4-6 Last week: Lost to the Texans, 31-21 This week: vs. Jacksonville Jaguars One thing to know: After catching a touchdown pass from Blaine Gabbert, Larry Fitzgerald has now caught TDs from 14 quarterbacks, the most of any active receiver, per ESPN.

19. Green Bay Packers Record: 5-5 Last week: Lost to the Ravens, 23-0 This week: at Pittsburgh Steelers One thing to know: At 5-5, the Packers are somehow still in the hunt for a playoff spot in the NFC, but Green Bay will still need to put together some wins without Aaron Rodgers before it's worth it for him to make his return even if he isn't back at 100%.

18. Washington Redskins Record: 4-6 Last week: Lost to the Saints, 34-31 This week: vs. New York Giants One thing to know: The Redskins' season has been marked by falling short in tight games. That was the case in Week 11 when they blew a 15-point lead to the Saints in the fourth quarter and lost in overtime, most likely ending their playoff hopes.

17. Oakland Raiders Record: 4-6 Last week: Lost to the Patriots, 33-8 This week: vs. Denver Broncos One thing to know: The Raiders fired their defensive coordinator Ken Norton Jr. after Oakland's pitiful performance against the Patriots in Mexico City. Facing a struggling Broncos offense, the Silver and Black will have a good chance to regroup.

16. Dallas Cowboys Record: 5-5 Last week: Lost to the Eagles, 37-9 This week: vs. Los Angeles Chargers One thing to know: The Cowboys have been a mess without Ezekiel Elliott. During the two games Elliott has missed, the Cowboys have scored just 16 points. Injuries to the offensive line haven’t helped, either, as Dak Prescott has been sacked 12 times and thrown three interceptions.

15. Los Angeles Chargers Record: 4-6 Last week: Beat the Bills, 54-24 This week: at Dallas Cowboys One thing to know: The Chargers' defense hauled in five interceptions from rookie quarterback Nathan Peterman but will have to keep the energy up on short rest to play the Cowboys on Thanksgiving.

14. Baltimore Ravens Record: 5-5 Last week: Beat the Packers, 23-0 This week: vs. Houston Texans One thing to know: Joe Flacco has had one of the worst seasons of his career, but ESPN still gives the Ravens a 73% chance of making the playoffs. Flacco should be helped by the return of Danny Woodhead to the Ravens' backfield.

13. Seattle Seahawks Record: 6-4 Last week: Lost to the Falcons, 34-31 This week: at San Francisco 49ers One thing to know: The Seahawks fell just inches short of another impressive last-second comeback when Blair Walsh's kick failed to reach the uprights. While the kick earned the headlines, Pete Carroll's decision to go for a fake field goal before halftime may have cost the Seahawks a crucial victory as they fight to secure a playoff spot.

12. Tennessee Titans Record: 6-4 Last week: Lost to the Steelers, 40-17 This week: at Indianapolis Colts One thing to know: The Titans still have a good chance to make the playoffs, but many members of the team are upset with the lack of growth on offense. Despite all of their weapons, the Titans rank 16th in offensive DVOA and have scored over 25 points just three times.

11. Detroit Lions Record: 6-4 Last week: Beat the Bears, 27-24 This week: vs. Minnesota Vikings One thing to know: Matthew Stafford and the Lions took down the Vikings last year on Thanksgiving with the help of a last-second field goal from Matt Prater. This year, a victory is all the more crucial to Detroit's chances of making the postseason.

10. Kansas City Chiefs Record: 6-4 Last week: Lost to the Giants, 12-9 This week: vs. Buffalo Bills One thing to know: The Chiefs have lost four of their past five games after a 5-0 start. Alex Smith didn’t throw an interception through October but has now thrown three interceptions and just two touchdowns in November.

9. Atlanta Falcons Record: 6-4 Last week: Beat the Seahawks, 34-31 This week: vs. Tampa Bay Buccaneers One thing to know: The Falcons' offense looked strong against a deflated Seattle secondary, but their defense gave up two quick drives in the final minutes of the game that surely gave Atlanta fans Super Bowl flashbacks.

8. Jacksonville Jaguars Record: 7-3 Last week: Beat the Browns, 19-7 This week: at Arizona Cardinals One thing to know: As ESPN’s Bill Barnwell wrote, the Jaguars' two big free-agent signings are paying off. Calais Campbell and A.J. Bouye have terrorized opposing offenses, with Campbell racking up 11.5 sacks and three forced fumbles while Bouye has three interceptions. Name an offense that would be excited to face this group in the postseason.

7. Los Angeles Rams Record: 7-3 Last week: Lost to the Vikings, 24-7 This week: vs. New Orleans Saints One thing to know: After the Rams scored 84 points in their previous two games, they looked surprisingly human against the Vikings, with a first-quarter Todd Gurley touchdown as their only score on the day. Los Angeles has proved it can roll over the mediocre defenses across the league, but the Rams will have to figure out a way to put up points against stronger units if they hope to make a postseason run.

6. Carolina Panthers Record: 7-3 Last week: Bye This week: at New York Jets One thing to know: The Panthers are happy to get tight end Greg Olsen and Pro Bowl center Ryan Kalil back for the stretch run. Cam Newton won't complain about more protection and better receiving options.

5. Pittsburgh Steelers Record: 8-2 Last week: Beat the Titans, 40-17 This week: vs. Green Bay Packers One thing to know: The Steelers have now relatively quietly rattled off five straight wins and could easily run through three more games before a potential powerhouse matchup against the Patriots in Week 15 that could determine which team gets home-field advantage throughout the playoffs.

4. Minnesota Vikings Record: 8-2 Last week: Beat the Rams, 24-7 This week: at Detroit Lions One thing to know: The Vikings had a convincing win over the Rams in Week 11, helped by their dominant defense and a steady performance from Case Keenum. Even with Teddy Bridgewater lurking, Keenum has been too good for the Vikings to pull.

3. New England Patriots Record: 8-2 Last week: Beat the Raiders, 33-8 This week: vs. Miami Dolphins One thing to know: The Patriots have punted just three times in the past two games while amassing 74 points. Tom Brady and Bill Belichick's offense once again feels unstoppable.

2. New Orleans Saints Record: 8-2 Last week: Beat the Redskins, 34-31 This week: at Los Angeles Rams One thing to know: The Saints kept their win streak alive with a stunning comeback late in the fourth quarter against the Redskins. Behind their eight-game win streak has been a suddenly dominant defense that has done a 180 from being ranked 31st and 32nd in DVOA the past three years.

1. Philadelphia Eagles Record: 9-1 Last week: Beat the Cowboys, 37-9 This week: vs. Chicago Bears One thing to know: The Eagles were down 9-7 at halftime of their "Sunday Night Football" matchup against the Cowboys before coming back to throttle Dallas in the second half. Even the loss of their kicker Jake Elliott couldn't stop the team, with linebacker Kamu Grugier-Hill stepping into kickoff duties and the team converting three of four two-point conversion attempts.http://www.businessinsider.com/8-team-college-football-playoff-2017-11We projected an 8-team College Football Playoff and it would be amazingThe latest playoff ranking is out and Miami is up to No. 2 ahead of Clemson.

It's clear that an 8-team playoff would be amazing and would answer all the debates.

A projected playoff would include all the major conference champs and Central Florida.



The latest College Football Playoff ranking is out and not much changed as Alabama, Miami, Clemson, and Oklahoma remain the top four teams — Miami moved ahead of Clemson and are now second — and Wisconsin remains the fifth team just waiting to move ahead of the team that loses the ACC title game, Miami or Clemson.

While the playoff appears to be headed towards a major debate over the final spots, and at least one Power 5 Conference champion is going to be left out, one thing is clear: an 8-team playoff this season would be awesome.

Below, we projected what an 8-team playoff might look like this season if things continue the way they are going now.

To determine the field for an 8-team playoff, we projected the champions of the five major BCS conferences, and then gave the final three spots to the highest ranked team from a Group of 5 conference and two at-large teams.

Here is what the 8-team playoff would look like:

We assumed that higher ranked teams win all remaining games and that Clemson would still be ranked ahead of Auburn and Georgia if all three lost one more game.

Alabama (SEC), Miami (ACC), Oklahoma (Big 12), Wisconsin (Big Ten), and USC (Pac-12) are the projected champions of the Power 5 conferences. Central Florida would be the representative from the Group of 5 conferences. And the two at-large teams would be Notre Dame and Clemson, with both ranked ahead of USC and UCF.

Under this scenario, the top six teams in the playoff ranking would be included in the playoff. The biggest losers in this scenario would be a potentially 2-loss Georgia team and a potentially 2-loss Penn State team. This assumes Auburn loses to Alabama, Georgia loses to Alabama in the SEC title game, and Ohio State loses to Wisconsin in the Big Ten championship game.

The playoff could certainly include a provision requiring the top Group of 5 team to be ranked in the top 15 or top 25 (UCF is currently ranked 15th). If no team met the minimum standard, the final spot would go to an additional at-large team (e.g. Georgia or Penn State).

Now imagine a New Year's Day slate of the four quarterfinal matchups listed above. A week later, we would potentially see semifinal matchups of Alabama vs. Notre Dame, and Oklahoma vs. Miami. Now that is two weeks of dream football before we even got to the championship game.

Everybody would win.http://www.businessinsider.com/where-are-they-now-2013-nba-draft-giannis-antetokounmpo-2017-11WHERE ARE THEY NOW: The players that teams are kicking themselves for drafting before Giannis Antetokounmpo in 2013Giannis Antetokounmpo has become a superstar for the Milwaukee Bucks, a two-way, athletic force who's already dominating at 23 years old. Yet four years ago, few people in the NBA could have ever seen this coming. When Antetokounmpo was taken 15th in the 2013 draft, he was lanky forward from Greece few people knew about. The potential was there, but could he put it all together? Now, looking back, 14 teams missed the opportunity to draft a star that has become the clear-cut best player from the draft. Take a look back at the 2013 draft and the 14 players picked before him. View As: One Page Slides

The Cleveland Cavaliers took Anthony Bennett with the No. 1 pick.

Bennett never panned out in the NBA. He played on four teams in four years. He was most recently waived by the Suns in October.

The Orlando Magic took Victor Oladipo with the second pick.

Oladipo now plays for the Indiana Pacers. He has career averages of 16 points, 4.4 rebounds, and 3.7 assists per game.

The Washington Wizards took Otto Porter Jr. with the third pick.

Porter signed a four-year, $100 million contract to stay with the Wizards this offseason.

The Charlotte Hornets took Cody Zeller with the fourth pick.

Zeller is still with Charlotte today. He has career averages of 8 points and 5 rebounds per game.

The Phoenix Suns took Alex Len with the fifth pick.

Len is still with the Suns and has career averages of 7 points and 6 rebounds per game.

The New Orleans Pelicans took Nerlens Noel with the sixth pick and traded him to the Philadelphia 76ers.

The 76ers traded Noel to the Mavericks last season where he still plays today.

The Sacramento Kings took Ben McLemore with the seventh pick.

After four season with the Kings, McLemore signed with the Memphis Grizzlies this offseason. He has career averages of 9 points and 2 rebounds per game.

The Detroit Pistons took Kentavious Caldwell-Pope with the eighth pick.

Caldwell-Pope joined the Lakers this summer and has averaged 11 points and three rebounds per game over his career.

The Minnesota Timberwolves took Trey Burke with the ninth pick and traded him to the Utah Jazz.

Burke played on two teams in four years and now plays for the Knicks' G-League affiliate.

The Portland Trail Blazers took C.J. McCollum with the 10th pick.

McCollum has become one of the best shooting guards in the NBA, averaging over 20 points per game the last three seasons.

The Philadelphia 76ers took Michael Carter-Williams with the 11th pick.

Despite winning Rookie of the Year, Carter-Williams has hopped around the NBA and now plays for the Hornets.

The Oklahoma City Thunder took Steven Adams with the 12th pick.

Adams is still with the Thunder and has become one of the best defensive centers in the NBA.

The Dallas Mavericks took Kelly Olynyk with the 13th pick, but traded him to the Boston Celtics.

Olynyk played four years with the Celtics and signed a $60 million contract with the Heat this summer.

The Utah Jazz took Shabazz Muhammad with the 14th pick but traded him to the Minnesota Timberwolves.

Muhammad is still on the Wolves today.

The Milwaukee Bucks took a risk with the 15th pick, drafting a little-known 19-year-old forward from Greece named Giannis Antetokounmpo.

Antetokounmpo has developed into one of the best players in the NBA and is in the run for MVP this season.http://www.businessinsider.com/nfl-picks-microsoft-cortana-elo-week-12-2017-11The computers are on fire picking NFL games — here are their picks for Week 12After a slow start to the season, Cortana and Elo have caught fire in recent weeks.

The two models we're tracking have correctly picked 64% of the games this season.

Cortana has nailed 78% of the games in the last 5 weeks.



The NFL season is now in Week 12, and the two computer models we are tracking have caught fire in recent weeks.

We took a look at two popular systems used to pick NFL games: Cortana, Microsoft's digital assistant, and Elo, the modeling system used by Nate Silver's FiveThirtyEight.

In both cases, the computers are picking outright winners and not against the spread. However, each gives a likelihood of a team's winning, which, in theory, could help measure the strength of certain lines.

Both models have been on fire in recent weeks. Cortana went 9-5 in Week 11 and is now 54-15 (78%) over the last five weeks. It is now 105-55 (66%) overall, five games better than Elo (100-60, 63%). Elo went 8-6 in Week 11.

Here are the picks for Week 12, with each model's percent chance of winning in parentheses. Games in bold are where the two models disagree on who has the best chance to win. Point spreads are just for reference, via Vegas Insider as of Thursday morning.

Thursday

Minnesota Vikings (-3) at Detroit Lions — LIONS (Elo 53%), VIKINGS (Cortana 60%)

Los Angeles Chargers (-2) at Dallas Cowboys — COWBOYS (Elo 68%, Cortana 53%)

— COWBOYS (Elo 68%, Cortana 53%) New York Giants at Washington Redskins (-7) — REDSKINS (Elo 68%, Cortana 67%)

Sunday

Cleveland Browns at Cincinnati Bengals (-8.5) — BENGALS (Elo 84%, Cortana 69%)

— BENGALS (Elo 84%, Cortana 69%) Chicago Bears at Philadelphia Eagles (-13.5) — EAGLES (Elo 88%, Cortana 75%)

— EAGLES (Elo 88%, Cortana 75%) Miami Dolphins at New England Patriots (-16.5) — PATRIOTS (Elo 90%, Cortana 77%)

— PATRIOTS (Elo 90%, Cortana 77%) Buffalo Bills at Kansas City Chiefs (-10) — CHIEFS (Elo 78%, Cortana 78%)

— CHIEFS (Elo 78%, Cortana 78%) Tampa Bay Buccaneers at Atlanta Falcons (-9.5) — FALCONS (Elo 78%, Cortana 73%)

— FALCONS (Elo 78%, Cortana 73%) Carolina Panthers (-4.5) at New York Jets — PANTHERS (Elo 57%, Cortana 69%)

— PANTHERS (Elo 57%, Cortana 69%) Tennessee Titans (-3) at Indianapolis Colts — TITANS (Elo 52%, Cortana 73%)

— TITANS (Elo 52%, Cortana 73%) Seattle Seahawks (-6.5) at San Francisco 49ers — SEAHAWKS (Elo 78%, Cortana 74%)

— SEAHAWKS (Elo 78%, Cortana 74%) New Orleans Saints at Los Angeles Rams (-2.5) — SAINTS (Elo 55%, Cortana 53%)

— SAINTS (Elo 55%, Cortana 53%) Jacksonville Jaguars (-5.5) at Arizona Cardinals — JAGUARS (Elo 55%, Cortana 72%)

— JAGUARS (Elo 55%, Cortana 72%) Denver Broncos at Oakland Raiders (-5) — RAIDERS (Elo 64%, Cortana 64%)

— RAIDERS (Elo 64%, Cortana 64%) Green Bay Packers at Pittsburgh Steelers (-14) — STEELERS (Elo 78%, Cortana 77%)

Mondayhttp://www.businessinsider.com/how-old-was-manute-bol-he-was-old-2017-11College coach who recruited Manute Bol to the US says the 7-foot-7 basketballer might have been 50 years old when he played in the NBAManute Bol came to the United States from Sudan in the mid-1980s.

He may have already been in his 40s as a college player who was listed as being 23 years old.

If true, Bol would have been at least 50 years old in his final NBA season.



Former NBA player Manute Bol died in 2010. It was reported that he was 47 at the time, but according to the coach who brought the 7-foot-7 Sudanese-born player to the United States, Bol was probably much older.

Former Cleveland State coach Kevin Mackey told Adam Zagoria of Zagsblog that Bol might have already been in his late 40s or even early 50s when he was still playing in the NBA in the early 1990s.

According to Mackey, he made up a birthdate for Bol when he recruited him to Cleveland State in 1984 because even Bol did not know how old he was.

"I gave him his birthday because they didn’t know how old he was," Mackey told Zagoria. "[Bol] had no idea of his age and the kid who came over with him didn’t know how old he was. No one knew how old he was."

Mackey went on to explain that he made Bol 23 years old at the time but thinks the player might have already been in his 40s in 1984.

"I wanted to make sure he was young enough because he didn’t have an age," Mackey said. "I think he was [in his 40s], I really do. But there’s no way of ever really knowing ... Every athletic door is open at 19, every athletic door is closed when you’re 35. He was probably 40, 50 years old when he was playing in the NBA."

Bol never played at Cleveland State due to enrollment issues. He later played for a Division II school for one season and then played briefly in the USBL before moving on to a 10-year NBA career.

If Bol was already 40 in the mid-1980s, he would have been approximately 50 in his final NBA season, 1994-95, with the Golden State Warriors.

Despite Bol's age, he was a player before his time. At a time when NBA teams still wanted their big men to bang down low, Bol was a 7-footer who could actually shoot when three-pointers weren't as en vogue as they are now.

Bol's son, Bol Bol, is now a high school player who recently committed to play at Oregon.http://www.businessinsider.com/nfl-week-12-picks-against-the-spread-2017-11NFL WEEK 12: Our official predictions for who wins this weekendHappy Thanksgiving! The year's best food-and-football centric holiday also brings a great slate of games to bet on this week. Personally, I am thankful for our picks last week, which went a tidy 8-5-1 against the spread to get us back on the right side of winning. I'm also thankful for home underdogs, double-digit lines, and the Philadelphia Eagles. This week is an interesting one for gamblers, with three of the highest lines of the year on the board, so let's get straight to the bets so we can make some money while we lounge around in a tryptophan haze on Thursday. All lines courtesy of the Westgate Las Vegas Superbook. LAST WEEK: 8-5-1

OVERALL: 81-73-6 View As: One Page Slides

Minnesota Vikings (-3) at Detroit Lions (Thursday, 12:30 p.m. ET) The pick: Lions +3 The logic: This is a trap game for the Vikings if I ever saw one. Coming off a big win against one of the strongest teams in the NFC and traveling on a short week to play Matthew Stafford and a Lions team that plays well on Thanksgiving. Detroit wins this one outright.

Los Angeles Chargers (-1) at Dallas Cowboys (Thursday, 4:30 p.m. ET) The pick: Cowboys +1 The logic: This game has gone through an absolutely terrifying amount of line movement over the past few days. After opening with the Cowboys as four-point favorites, the line has moved five points to make Dallas a slight underdog. This shift was driven by two things — a poor performance of the Cowboys on Sunday night, and an influx of money on the Chargers. Scenarios like this leave bettors with a tough choice — you can either follow the money, and lay the point with the Chargers, comfortable in the knowledge that the high-roller bettors thought it to be the right side earlier in the week, or you can take advantage of the five-point swing Vegas is now spotting you on short notice. When this game opened, I was ready to slam the Chargers — they could easily be one of the top teams in the AFC if not for their early season field-goal struggles, and the Cowboys have shown absolutely nothing on offense since the loss of Ezekiel Elliott. But with the swing, I'm going to take the five extra points, and hope for the best.

New York Giants (+7.5) at Washington Redskins (Thursday, 8:30 p.m. ET) The pick: Redskins -7.5 The logic: The Giants won in dramatic, last-second fashion last weekend. The Redskins lost in dramatic, last-second fashion last weekend. Judging by the ebb-and-flow nature of NFL football, we'll play the Redskins this week.

Tampa Bay Buccaneers (+9.5) at Atlanta Falcons (Sunday, 1:00 p.m. ET) The pick: Buccaneers +9.5 The logic: The Buccaneers have won two straight games, and now all of a sudden are laying almost double digits. The Falcons have looked back to their old selves the past two weeks, but it was against depleted Cowboys and Seahawks teams. This line should be closer to six, and the extra points make Tampa Bay and enticing underdog pick.

Cleveland Browns (+8.5) at Cincinnati Bengals (Sunday, 1:00 p.m. ET) The pick: Browns +8.5 The logic: Gah. The Browns. The scourge of my existence. Every week I believe, and every week they let me down, last week in absolutely gut-wrenching fashion. But as big underdogs against a division rival that has hardly impressed with their play this season, we're doing it again. It's Thanksgiving, and betting on the Browns is my version of Charlie Brown believing that this is the time he's finally going to kick that football.

Tennessee Titans (-3.5) at Indianapolis Colts (Sunday, 1:00 p.m. ET) The pick: Titans -3.5 The logic: Road favorites are never an easy bet for me, but the Titans are still looking to solidify their spot in the postseason, and got embarrassed last week by the Steelers. This is a good spot for them to right the tailspin against a team they've already beaten by two touchdowns earlier in the year.

Buffalo Bills (+10) at Kansas City Chiefs (Sunday, 1:00 p.m. ET) The pick: Bills +10 The logic: After Nathan Peterman imploded for the Bills, Buffalo has returned the starting quarterback role to Tyrod Taylor, who will be looking to prove they never should have benched him in the first place. He will also be playing to impress any potential offseason suitors. The Chiefs have lost four of five games and do not look like a team that should be favored by double digits against anyone.

Miami Dolphins (+16) at New England Patriots (Sunday, 1:00 p.m. ET) The pick: Dolphins +16 The logic: Along with my addiction to betting on the Browns, I also have an uncontrollable urge to bet against the Patriots. It has lost me too much money to count over the course of my life. This stems from the fact that usually their lines break every conventional rule of gambling, as they do again here. This is the highest line of the year, and in the NFL, the rule is you blindly take any three-score underdog. The Patriots feel like they are unstoppable. They've punted just three times in the past two weeks on their way to winning both games by 25 points each. But like hitting on 16, you back the Dolphins in this spot because historically it's the right play, even if it feels psychotic.

Carolina Panthers (-4.5) at New York Jets (Sunday, 1:00 p.m. ET) The pick: Panthers -4.5 The logic: Panthers are trending up and the Jets are trending down. As much as I love a home dog, this isn't a game to overthink.

Chicago Bears (+13.5) at Philadelphia Eagles (Sunday, 1:00 p.m. ET) The pick: Eagles -13.5 The logic: The nervous Philadelphia fan inside me has made me hesitant to back the Birds once we were dubbed the best team in football. But after drubbing the Cowboys last week despite losing our kicker, beating a forlorn Bears team at home by two touchdowns feels like a safe bet. More than 80% of the bets are on the Eagles, making this a sucker bet to me as a person who does his best to abide by the rules of gambling. But I'm tired of betting against my team when they're rolling. Also, if the Eagles lose, it will be entirely my fault and I will wholly accept responsibility.

Seattle Seahawks (-6.5) at San Francisco 49ers (Sunday, 4:05 p.m. ET) The pick: Seahawks -6.5 The logic: After their crushing loss to the Falcons on Monday night, the Seahawks now find themselves in a heated battle for a postseason spot in a crowded NFC. It's a lot of points to lay on the road against a divisional opponent, but this game means so much more to the Seahawks than the Niners. Until we get confirmation that Jimmy Garoppolo is making his San Francisco debut, they're not a team to think twice about betting against.

Denver Broncos (+5) at Oakland Raiders (Sunday, 4:25 p.m. ET) The pick: Raiders -5 The logic: It was recently announced that Paxton Lynch would be taking over starting quarterback duties for the Broncos, and I can think of better places to make your first start of the season than the hostile haunts of Raider Nation. Both teams are falling apart, but I trust the Raiders more to put the pieces back together.

New Orleans Saints (+2.5) at Los Angeles Rams (Sunday, 4:25 p.m. ET) The pick: Rams -2.5 The logic: With the Saints coming off a dramatic comeback and the Rams coming home after their first embarrassing loss of the season, this seems like a solid play to counter public perception. That said, if you've been waiting for the Rams to fall back down to Earth, this might be the time for you to cash in on your gut feeling.

Jacksonville Jaguars (-4.5) at Arizona Cardinals (Sunday, 4:25 p.m. ET) The pick: Cardinals +4.5 The logic: "Blaine Gabbert revenge game!" is not a sentence I thought I would be excited to write at the start of this season, but here we are.

Green Bay Packers (+14) at Pittsburgh Steelers (Sunday, 8:30 p.m. ET) The pick: Packers +14 The logic: I know Hundley was bad last weekend, but this is a few too many points, and with 75% of bets currently on the Steelers, it's a good spot to fade the public.

Houston Texans (+7) at Baltimore Ravens (Monday, 8:30 p.m. ET) The pick: Ravens -7 The logic: This is a coin toss for my money, and probably a stay-away game for most people. But it's a home team with a solid defense against Tom Savage and needing a win to keep pace with the AFC Wild Card race. That's good enough for me. LAST WEEK: 8-5-1

OVERALL: 81-73-6http://www.businessinsider.com/marine-explains-how-intermittent-fasting-shape-abs-2017-6A Marine explains how intermittent fasting helped him 'see his abs'US Marine and Fortune 500 CEO coach Andrew Wittman explains how he used intermittent fasting to get a lot more toned and finally see his abs. Following is a transcript of the video.

Andrew Wittman: Back in — when I was deployed, I want to say 2010, 2011, coming up to where it was my 45th birthday, I wanted to see my abs. I'm reading all the studies on how you get your body to do that. There was a lot of research on intermittent fasting, and — course, they did the studies on soldiers. Thank you, US Army.

So they found out your body really doesn't go into starvation mode. You could go 3 weeks on 800 calories and you don't lose any muscle mass as long as you're working out. Well, I could do that. So I started the fasting, the intermittent fasting, consuming my calories between 4 o'clock in the afternoon, 8 o'clock at night, by 8 o'clock at night, I'm done. I don't eat again until 4 o'clock the next day at the earliest.

And during that time I will drink lots of water. I'll drink black coffee or unsweet tea, and that's pretty much it. I started in Kosovo — we deployed, I can tell you the dates. It was my wife's birthday, February 3. I got back on May the first, I think. I followed this routine for right about 3 months, 12 weeks, 90 days, and I saw my abs... Booyah.

EDITOR'S NOTE: This video was originally published on June 10, 2017.http://www.businessinsider.com/former-boxer-james-toney-says-he-wished-he-had-punched-donald-trump-when-he-had-the-chance-2017-11A former world champion boxer once promoted by Donald Trump says he wished he punched him when he had the chanceA former world champion boxer regrets not punching US president Donald Trump when he had the chance in the 1990s.

American fighter James Toney fought three times at the Trump Taj Mahal in Atlantic City and had a run-in with Trump when the president called him "Whatshisname."

Toney also says Trump is a "racist" because of the way activist and former NFL star Colin Kaepernick has been treated.



A former world champion boxer says he regrets not punching US president Donald Trump when he had the chance.

A decorated prizefighter, American boxer James Toney has notable victories over devastating puncher Michael Nunn, heavy hitter Mike McCallum, and former Olympic gold medalist Vassiliy Jirov.

But before Toney became a remowned fighter around the world, he was once on a show promoted by Donald Trump.

Speaking to Donald McRae in The Guardian, Toney recalled an incident when he was competing on the same event as headlining boxer Roy Jones Jr.

Toney took on Doug DeWitt, but before their super middleweight fight in 1992 at the Trump Taj Mahal in Atlantic City, Trump called Toney "Whatsisname." The 49-year-old regrets not punching "him in the face."

He said: "Remember when he was a promoter and he had me and Roy [Jones] on the same bill in Atlantic City. I should’ve punched him in the face but my mom… stopped me."

"Trump pointed to me and was saying: 'Call Whatsisname over here.' I’m thinking: 'Whatsisname? I’m your headline attraction and you can’t say my name?' I said to Trump: 'I’m going to bust your head open, mother f*****.'"

Toney says he was "pulled away," but regrets not "knocking his head off and saving the world lots of trouble."

He also said that the treatment of former San Francisco 49ers quaterback Colin Kaepernick shows that Trump is "a racist."

Kaepernick protested police brutality against black Americans by bending a knee rather than standing for the pre-game US national anthem.

Kaepernick opted out of his 49ers contract in March 2017. He is currently a free agent and has not been signed by any NFL side.

Trump has been a vocal opponent of the take-a-knee movement and posted a series of tweets in September.

In an apparent reference to Kaepernick, Trump said that if a player protests the national anthem then club owners should "Get that son of a b**** off the field."

The Atlantic said Trump's war of words focused on "black athletes" like Kaepernick. The New Yorker also wrote an article about the "racial demagoguery of Trump's assault on Kaepernick."

Toney said: "[Trump is] the president but he’s a racist. That’s why Colin Kaepernick hasn’t got a job. Pure racism from Trump down."http://www.businessinsider.com/neymar-scored-2-goals-and-toyed-with-celtic-in-a-landslide-7-1-win-2017-11Neymar scored 2 goals and 'toyed' with Celtic in a landslide 7-1 win, then paid homage to Floyd Mayweather after the matchNeymar was at his brilliant best as the PSG forward scored twice, created a goal, and "toyed" with Celtic in his club's 7-1 win.

Rio Ferdinand said Neymar "put on a clinic of how to play exhilarating football" and that it was "a joy to watch."

Neymar spoke to journalists after the game and paid homage to retired boxer Floyd Mayweather by wearing the American's branded clothing.

Neymar scored twice in Paris Saint-Germain's magnificent 7-1 victory over Celtic.

The Ligue 1 leader fell behind due to an early Celtic goal but was merciless in its comeback as Neymar, Edison Cavani, Kylian Mbappé, Marco Veratti, and Dani Alves all piled the pressure onto the Scottish opponents.

Neymar scored two goals, created another, and played pitch-perfect 40-yard passes. According to BT Sport pundit Rio Ferdinand, Neymar was "toying" with Celtic.

He said: "Neymar put on a clinic of how to play exhilarating football. Speed. Totally toying with the opponents. And [the PSG team] is doing it all with a smile on its faces — it's a joy to watch."

Though it was a team effort and there were five different goalscorers in the dominant victory, Neymar played a part in many majestic PSG attacks. He was goalscorer, goal creator, and a creative force who played with a freedom of the pitch.

Even Ferdinand joked that PSG was "taking liberties" with people, reflecting how the club is brushing Champions League teams to the side.

"They're taking liberties with people! Neymar put on a clinic of how to play exhilarating football."@rioferdy5 can't get enough of PSG 😍 pic.twitter.com/szUbsiBt8D — BT Sport Football (@btsportfootball) November 22, 2017

PSG manager Unai Emery lauded Neymar. "He's extraordinary," Emery said, according to Goal.com. "He wants to play the games, to be present on the pitch. He makes everyone benefit from his talent."

Neymar fielded questions from journalists in the media zone after the match. Having previously been linked with a €200 million move to Real Madrid, one media member asked the Brazilian if he would consider leaving PSG.

Dressed in retired boxer Floyd Mayweather's branded clothing, Neymar slammed the reporter for being "boring" before walking away.

PSG's next game is against AS Monaco on Sunday.http://www.businessinsider.com/washington-state-coach-warns-of-the-horrors-of-planning-a-wedding-2017-11Washington State head coach Mike Leach went on an amazing rant about planning weddingsWashington State head coach Mike Leach was asked by a reporter for advice on his upcoming wedding.

As it turns out, Leach has some extremely detailed advice for young men who are about to get married.

Leach has been married to his wife Sharon for 35 years.



Washington State head coach Mike Leach has a lot of thoughts on football, but while speaking with reporters on Tuesday night, he had even more to say about weddings.

After Leach was asked for advice from a reporter who is getting married in a few days, Leach's eyes wandered into a 1,000-yard stare, and then he went off.

"The women lose their mind," Leach said. "Your fiancee's gonna lose her mind, your mother-in-law is gonna lose her mind, your mom is gonna lose her mind, several of your sisters, and female relatives are gonna lose their mind. And, they're gonna barrage you with constant questions — 'what should we wear?' and of course my answer was 'I don't care.' And then 'what color should the invitations be?' 'I don't care.' 'What should we have for dessert?' 'I don't care.' 'Should we sit this way, or that way?' 'I don't care.'"

Leach, sounding like a man recalling old war stories he had buried in the depths of his memories, continued.

"But see, I don't care's not satisfactory at all, and you're going to get caught in a catch-22 — and I'm certain that you already have — and that catch-22 is, 'Well I want you to be a part of this too, so what color invitations?' 'Alright, the blue ones.' 'Well I kind of like the tan ones' — 'OK the tan ones then.' 'Oh you’re jut saying that because you want this over, you're not even thinking about it' — which is, of course, true.

Leach finished with a bit of advice that you could tell was earnest. "You need to find excuses that they'll buy to be as far out of harm's way as you possibly can."

You can watch the entirety of Leach's wedding advice unfold below.

It’s rivalry week. #WSU is one win away from the @pac12 title game.



But a reporter getting married in 9 days asked @Coach_Leach for wedding advice tonight, and Leach’s answer was incredible. I’m dying. 😂😂😂 pic.twitter.com/alhOiWd9Tv — Aaron Levine (@AaronQ13Fox) November 22, 2017

Mike Leach has been married to his wife Sharon for 35 years.http://www.businessinsider.com/ap-the-latest-gymnastics-doctor-pleads-guilty-to-sex-charges-2017-11Former Team USA Gymnastics doctor pleads guilty and faces at least 25 years in prisonLarry Nassar pleaded guilty Wednesday to multiple charges of sexual assault.

Nassar is the former team doctor for the US gymnastics team and faces more than 25 years in prison.

He has been accused of sexual assault by over 125 women and girls, including members of the famed "Fierce Five" Olympic team.



LANSING, Mich. (AP) — A former doctor accused of molesting girls while working for USA Gymnastics and Michigan State University pleaded guilty Wednesday to multiple charges of sexual assault and will face at least 25 years in prison.

Larry Nassar, 54, admitted to abusing seven girls, mostly under the guise of treatment at his Lansing-area home and a campus clinic. All but one of his accusers was a gymnast. He faces similar charges in a neighboring county and lawsuits filed by more than 125 women and girls. Nassar lost his license to practice medicine in April.

Olympic gymnasts Aly Raisman, McKayla Maroney and Gabby Douglas are among the women who have publicly said they were among Nassar's victims.

Some of his accusers attended the hearing Wednesday in a packed Ingham County courtroom. Some were crying.

"For all those involved ... I'm so horribly sorry that this was like a match that turned into a forest fire out of control," Nassar said . "I pray the rosary every day for forgiveness. I want them to heal. I want the community to heal."

Nassar admitted to digitally penetrating the victims and agreed that his conduct had no legitimate medical purpose and that he did not have the girls' consent.

The plea deal in Ingham County calls for a minimum prison sentence of 25 years, but a judge could set the minimum sentence as high as 40 years. In Michigan, inmates are eligible for parole after serving a minimum sentence.

Sentencing was set for Jan. 12.

A prosecutor said 125 women and girls have filed complaints with Michigan State University police.

Judge Rosemarie Aquilina told Nassar: "You used your position of trust ... in the most vile way to abuse children. ... I agree that now is a time of healing, but it may take them a lifetime of healing while you spend your lifetime behind bars thinking about what you did in taking away their childhood."

She called the accusers "superheroes for all of America, because this is an epidemic."

The girls have testified that Nassar molested them with his hands, sometimes when a parent was present in the room, while they sought help for gymnastics injuries.

After the hearing, one of the accusers, Larissa Boyce, said it was "really hard" to look at Nassar in the courtroom.

"This was a man we trusted. He's admitting what he did was wrong and evil," she said.

Separately, Nassar is charged with similar crimes in Eaton County, the location of an elite gymnastics club. He also is awaiting sentencing in federal court on child pornography charges.

The Michigan criminal cases against Nassar followed reports last year in the Indianapolis Star about how USA Gymnastics, which trains Olympians, mishandled complaints about sexual misconduct involving the doctor and coaches. Women and girls said the stories inspired them to step forward with detailed allegations of abuse, sometimes when their parents were in the exam room at Michigan State.http://www.businessinsider.com/mike-dantoni-offense-shaped-nba-2017-11The coach who designed the offense that changed the NBA nearly failed before he startedMike D'Antoni is the architect behind the NBA's most popular style of offense.

D'Antoni's offensive philosophy was developed while playing in Italy, where he became a star after a forgettable NBA career.

D'Antoni has emphasized up-tempo offenses that rely on a heavy dose of three-pointers while playing smaller lineups.

D'Antoni's coaching career has taken many twists and turns, but he's left an undeniable footprint on the NBA.



The lightbulb went on for Mike D'Antoni in his third year coaching Olimpia Milano in the Italian basketball league LBA, though maybe it was always there and he had been ignoring it.

It was 1993 and D'Antoni was coaching "traditionally," as he calls it, but he wasn't getting much out of his team. D'Antoni decided to mix things up.

"I just one day just decided to do it the way I wanted to do it, and be damned the consequences," D'Antoni told Business Insider.

What followed were the seeds of a style of offense that would eventually sweep across the NBA. That year, Olimpia Milano won the FIBA Korac Cup, and D'Antoni's confidence in his preferred style of playing grew.

It was a style that D'Antoni did not invent, but helped popularize — up-tempo, spread-out offense with a reliance on pick-and-rolls and three-pointers that can be seen around the NBA today.

"There aren't many innovators in coaching," Golden State Warriors head coach Steve Kerr told Business Insider. "There's usually a few key figures who change the way everybody else thinks ... I think what makes Mike unique is he is one of those innovators."

A forgotten NBA player, an Italian legend, a twice-failed NBA coach, a two-time NBA Coach of the Year, and an offensive innovator — all of these things describe D'Antoni.

'One of the lowest points of my life'

D'Antoni grew up in West Virginia and learned basketball under his father, Lewis, a successful high school basketball coach who influenced Mike's basketball philosophies.

After D'Antoni graduated from Marshall University in 1973, he was taken in the second round of the 1973 NBA draft by the Kansas City-Omaha Kings.

His NBA career was brief and forgettable. The 6-foot-3 shooting guard played three seasons with the Kings, never averaging more than the 19 minutes per game he played his rookie year. After one season with the Spirit of St. Louis and one with the San Antonio Spurs, he was cut and suddenly facing a crossroads.

"Probably one of the lowest points of my life," D'Antoni said of being cut. "I was 26 and not knowing whether I should go back to school and do something in the real world or continue playing basketball. You're kinda lost a little bit."

He eventually decided to take an offer to go play for Olimpia Milano in Italy.

"I think he had to," cackled D'Antoni's brother Dan D'Antoni, head coach of Marshall men's basketball and a former NBA assistant coach, to Business Insider. "It was a necessity."

"It was the best decision I ever made," Mike said.

D'Antoni became a star in Italy. Over the course of 13 years, he became the club's all-time leading scorer while leading Milan to five Italian league titles and two FIBA Euroleague titles. Olimpia Milano's website declared him "the greatest point-guard in the Italian basketball history."

After D'Antoni retired in 1990, he became head coach of Milan, leading the way to his offensive revelation.

An offense was born

Dan D'Antoni remembers when his brother began to change how he thought an offense should look. It was around 1979, when the NBA introduced the three-point line, and Mike called Dan on the phone to tell him how the number of threes attempted coincided with where teams finished in the Italian league. He noted that his own team, the league champions, shot and made the most threes.

Mike D'Antoni told his brother, "You might wanna start seeing how valuable that three-point line is."

Here's a simple version of how the D'Antoni offense works: Spread shooters around the floor and run a high pick-and-roll with the point guard and big man. With a 5-on-4 opportunity (with the opposing point guard blocked by the pick), the point guard can shoot, attack the basket, hit his big man rolling to the basket, or kick the ball out to any of his shooters. In almost any variation of the play, somebody is open and defenses are scrambling to recover. And it's even better to play this style at a fast pace.

Dan said this was a popular style in West Virginia growing up, and Don Nelson, the NBA's leader in career coaching wins, was known for running fast, "positionless" offenses.

D'Antoni didn't immediately impact the NBA with his vision. He was hired as head coach of the Denver Nuggets in 1998, but was fired after one season. He said he was still too scared to go against the grain and feared his resume was not strong enough to convince players to ditch normal post-ups and slow pace for three-pointers and fastbreaks.

D'Antoni worked as a scout for the Spurs afterward and later as an assistant for the Portland Trail Blazers. He returned to Europe to coach Benetton Trevisio in 2001-02 and once again found success coaching his style of offense. That success caught the eyes of Phoenix Suns CEO Jerry Colangelo. D'Antoni became head coach of the Suns in 2003-04, replacing fired head coach Frank Johnson and was kept on board for the 2004-05 season.

Seven seconds or less

In the Colangelos, D'Antoni found management that supported his vision. And the key to his vision was the acquisition of All-Star point guard Steve Nash, who gave D'Antoni the engine to his offense. D'Antoni moved Amar'e Stoudemire, an explosive power forward, to center. Around this dynamic pick-and-roll duo, D'Antoni unleashed three sharpshooting, athletic wings, a rare structure at the time.

The run-and-gun Suns went 62-20 during the 2004-05 season as D'Antoni won Coach of the Year and Nash won MVP. The "seven seconds or less" Suns — a term used to describe the pace of their offense — went 170-76 over the next three seasons, with Nash winning a second MVP in 2005-06.

"That was, to me, the beginning of the shift in the NBA in terms of how teams were gonna play," said Kerr, who was an advisor with the Suns and became GM in 2007.

"Mike was the first guy to really just downsize and just makes his threes into fours and fours into fives and just not play a traditional center. And as a result, to me, that was the beginning shift that you're seeing now, 13 years later."

Repeated playoff failures, however, wore on the team. Twice they made it to the Western Conference Finals and lost in excruciating fashion. Concerns arose about the Suns' commitment to defense, and the logic of playing smaller and shooting a high number of jump shots was questioned.

In 2008, Kerr, then the general manager, swung a trade for Shaquille O'Neal in an attempt to get bigger, compromising the team's identity.

"In hindsight it was a mistake," Kerr said.

D'Antoni left after the 07-08 season, in which the Suns went 55-27, but lost in the first round to the San Antonio Spurs.

Pit stops in New York and Los Angeles

Stubbornness, ill-equipped rosters, and bad timing plagued D'Antoni in stops with the New York Knicks and Los Angeles Lakers. D'Antoni continued to push his offensive style on rosters that didn't have the make-up of his teams in Phoenix. In New York, he was reunited with Stoudemire, but had a hard time getting Carmelo Anthony to buy in to his vision. In Los Angeles, he was reunited with Nash, but couldn't sell Kobe Bryant and Pau Gasol on their roles.

Meanwhile, concerns remained about his style and his commitment to defense.

"Innovators tend to be very headstrong, otherwise they wouldn’t be innovators," said Kerr. "They really believe in something that most other people don’t believe in. I think there’s a psychology to it where the only way to be successful is to be really prideful and persistent on what you’re doing."

Mike called himself spiritually richer for the experiences in New York and LA, but one gets the sense he remains resolute in his ways.

"I mean, there's always things you'd do differently," he said, but added there's no proof that playing differently would have changed the outcomes in New York and Los Angeles — just two playoff berths over six years.

However, Mike also understood the hesitancy of some star players to buy into his scheme.

"Some years you're paying players $20, $30 million and then you [tell] them, 'Well what you were doing to earn all that money is completely gone.' That’s tough," D'Antoni said, laughing. "So, if they don’t have the inclination that makes it tough."

After D'Antoni resigned as Lakers head coach in 2014 following a franchise-worst 27-55 season, doubts about him as a coach were stronger than ever. Perhaps his success in Phoenix had been unique to that team.

The Warriors revolution

"Thank goodness for Golden State," D'Antoni says now.

In 2014, D'Antoni was away from the NBA for the first time in years. He had returned to West Virginia and spent his days golfing, reading, and hanging out with his dad and his family. At night, however, he couldn't help turning on the TV to watch a dynamo that looked awfully familiar, run by a former colleague.

The Kerr-led Warriors were like D'Antoni's Suns — on steroids. Stephen Curry was in the Steve Nash role, but was quicker and more deadly of a shooter. The Warriors pushed the pace and spread the floor with shooters, cutters, and defenders in Klay Thompson, Harrison Barnes, and Andre Iguodala. And more importantly, they had playmaking and defensive big men in Draymond Green and Andrew Bogut, something D'Antoni never had much of in Phoenix. The Warriors played like a souped-up Suns, and D'Antoni loved it. He found joy in the Warriors winning the 2014-15 championship.

"I think the biggest thing was when Steve and [the Warriors] won the championship," Dan D'Antoni said of his brother. "He relaxed. He goes, 'My point has been made. I didn’t make it, but somebody else made it.'"

Kerr disputes how similar the two systems really are. D'Antoni offenses focus heavily on high pick-and-rolls, and the best player controls the ball, picking out teammates like a quarterback finding receivers. Kerr's Warriors actually run some of the fewest pick-and-rolls in the league, and Curry, despite being the engine of the offense, spends a great deal of time off the ball.

"I think our philosophy of pace and three-point shooting was something that I definitely agreed with and Mike had sort of set the tone in terms of the way he was playing with his teams," Kerr said, adding, "We took elements of Mike's offense and implemented those elements into a bigger system that was more our own."

A Rockets renaissance

D'Antoni made his return to the NBA in 2016 as head coach of the Houston Rockets. In Houston GM Daryl Morey, D'Antoni found a kindred spirit. Morey's basketball philosophy is analytically driven — three-pointers, layups, and free throws are basketball's most efficient shots. Throw out midrange jumpers, deep twos, and post-ups; there are better shots to be taken. The two systems align.

In Rockets guard James Harden, D'Antoni had a new Nash in-waiting. D'Antoni thought he could tweak Harden's playing style, and he was right. He unleashed Harden at point guard in 2016-17, and the results were immediate: the Rockets won 55 games and made the semifinals. Harden, meanwhile, had a career year and finished second in MVP voting.

In the offseason, the Rockets took it a step further, adding Chris Paul to the back-court after a trade with the Los Angeles Clippers. This season, D'Antoni is facing a somewhat familiar challenge — blending in two ball-dominant stars whose games may not necessarily complement each other.

D'Antoni's approach for blending Paul and Harden could be seen as a sign of growth. Paul has historically been a slow-it-down guard who prods the defense and dictates the offense. His game is more midrange heavy than typical D'Antoni player.

"You gotta be Chris Paul," D'Antoni said of his approach to coaching Paul. "I can't just say I wanna take a Hall of Fame point guard and make him into something else."

D'Antoni's offense still has some doubters, but turn on an NBA game on any given night and his influence can be seen. Teams across the league have downsized and turned away from traditional big men, preferring the spacing and quickness smaller players provide. Call it "The Warriors effect," but it wouldn't have been possible without D'Antoni.

D'Antoni still thinks there's room for his offensive approach to grow. Players can now play even faster, he said, because the science around health has improved. His Rockets team frequently takes three-pointers well beyond the three-point line because it spreads the floor even more — he thinks there's room to keep pushing that, too.

He doesn't know who or what will be the next innovation in the NBA. But eventually, someone will come along and change the league, just as he did in 2004.

A telling sign about the D'Antoni impact on the game — the 2004-05 Suns led the league in pace. Today, at that same pace, they would rank 22nd in the NBA.

"In another ten years, we won't even be on the same page," D'Antoni said.http://www.businessinsider.com/jerry-jones-backs-off-threats-to-sue-fellow-nfl-owners-2017-11Jerry Jones backs off threats to sue fellow NFL ownersJerry Jones has walked back his initial threats to sue the NFL and his fellow owners in a letter sent to Falcons owner Arthur Blank.

Jones argued that he just wanted to ensure that owners who were not a part of the NFL's compensation committee had an opportunity to be heard before Roger Goodell's extension as commissioner went forward.

Jones also denied again that his attacks on Goodell were in any way related to the suspension of Ezekiel Elliott.



Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones has walked back his threats to sue his fellow NFL owners.

As Ken Belson of the New York Times reports, Jones took a different tone in a letter sent to Arthur Blank, owner of the Atlanta Falcons and chairman of the NFL's compensation committee who has been described as the "point man" on negotiating Goodell's extension.

In the letter, Jones said that his threats of legal action were an effort to ensure that all owners had "a voice in approving the terms" of Goodell's contract extension, rather than those with a vote on the compensation committee. "With the committee now receiving valuable feedback from a number of owners," Jones said, he is "standing down from my threat of litigation against the committee," according to the Times.

Jones has been a vocal advocate against extending Goodell's contract as commissioner, and had initially threatened a lawsuit against both the league and individual owners in an effort to delay the process. But after a back and forth with the league that included threats of a "nuclear option" that might force Jones to sell the Cowboys, Jones is now backing off his initial bluster.

Jones also repeated in the letter that his fight against Goodell had nothing to do with suspension of star Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott.

With the letter, Jones presents football fans first signal that the circus surrounding Goodell's extension might be finally coming to a sane conclusion.http://www.businessinsider.com/hedge-fund-billionaire-luxury-golf-trip-new-zealand-tiger-tour-2017-11People are lining up to pay $28,500 for a billionaire's 'Tiger Tour' of New Zealand golf, spas, and wildlifeLegendary hedge fund manager Julian Roberston put together one of the most luxurious golfing vacations in his beloved New Zealand.

On the Tiger Tour, vacationers can see both New Zealand's North and South Islands over the course of nine nights on Roberston's three properties.

The itinerary includes golfing, sightseeing, and spa treatments. Legendary hedge fund manager and multi-billionaire Julian Roberston put together one of the most luxurious golfing vacations in his beloved New Zealand — and we got the inside look. On the Tiger Tour, vacationers can see both New Zealand's North and South Islands over the course of nine nights on Roberston's three properties: The Lodge at Kauri Cliffs, The Farm at Cape Kidnappers, and Matakauri Lodge. Roberston, 85, a pioneer of the modern hedge fund industry, is best known for founding the investment firm Tiger Management Corp, one of the earliest funds, in 1980. After closing his fund in 2000, many of Robertson's proteges went on to start some of the world's largest hedge funds, such as Lone Pine and Viking Global. His net worth is estimated at $4.1 billion, according to Forbes. The Tiger Tour is currently going on from November 17-26, 2017, but there's another tour coming up March 1-10, 2018. The tour is limited to four couples at $28,500 per person, plus taxes, and not including international airfare and other expenses. View As: One Page Slides

The first stop is at The Lodge at Kauri Cliffs.

Here's an aerial view of the property and golf course.

The lodging at the resort has spectacular views. Not a bad spot for lounging.

The golf course, designed by David Harman, is ranked among the Top 100 in the world. The first full day at Kauri features 18 holes of golf on this course.

Aside from golf, there's also a spa set deep in the forest.

You can go on a quad-biking adventure around the property.

And enjoy some New Zealand wine with a view.

The Farm at Cape Kidnappers, located in the heart of Hawke's Bay Wine Country, is the second stop on the trip.

Here's what the lodge looks like.

The rooms here also have nice views.

This leg of the trip also has an 18-hole golf course, designed by Tom Doak.

After playing a round of golf, you can interact with the kiwi bird — one of the national symbols of New Zealand.

Other activities include Clay Target shooting.

And you can enjoy a nice picnic on the property, as well.

The trip concludes at the Matakauri Lodge, situated on the shores of Lake Wakatipu.

You'll be able to see mountains from your room.

There's a helicopter trip to explore the heart of the Fiordland, which flies over the mountains and beautiful scenery.

There's a spa here as well.http://www.businessinsider.com/trump-rekindles-nfl-feud-with-early-morning-tweet-2017-11Trump rekindles NFL feud with early morning tweet calling out 'highly paid commissioner'President Trump has reignited his feud with the NFL, criticizing a proposed solution to the league's ongoing protests from players.

In a tweet early Wednesday morning, Trump called out the "highly paid Commissioner" and told him to get "tough and smart."



President Donald Trump rekindled his feud with the NFL on Wednesday morning in an early morning tweet calling out both the league and its commissioner.

"The NFL is now thinking about a new idea - keeping teams in the Locker Room during the National Anthem next season. That’s almost as bad as kneeling!" the president tweeted. "When will the highly paid Commissioner finally get tough and smart? This issue is killing your league!....."

Trump's comments on the league and its commissioner come in the midst of ongoing negotiations between Roger Goodell and the NFL, and a looming legal battle with Cowboys owner Jerry Jones.

Trump had previously criticized the ongoing player protests of police brutality and systemic racism during the national anthem, and called players that participated in such efforts "sons of b------" that deserved to be fired, inspiring players and owners alike to respond with widespread protests the following Sunday. While his furor with the players seemed to have died down in recent weeks, he brought back his war with the league this past weekend after Marshawn Lynch sat out the anthem, but stood for the Mexican anthem while playing in Mexico City.

The practice of staying in the locker room durinmg the anthem is not a new concept in football. Most college football teams stay in the locker room while the home team's marching band plays the anthem. Additionally, the NFL did not require players to appear on the sidelines for the anthem until 2009. Should the NFL choose not to require players to be present on the sidelines for the anthem, it would be a reversion to a previous policy, not something radically new.

Regardless of how the process plays out, chances are President Trump will have something to say about it, and he'll let the American public know his feelings through his Twitter account. Since his return from his trip to Asia, Trump has been on something of a tear of sports tweets, and has shown no signs on slowing.http://www.businessinsider.com/lavar-ball-lakers-coaching-lonzo-ball-criticism-2017-115 months after LaVar Ball said he would be hands-off with the Lakers, he is questioning their handling of Lonzo BallLonzo Ball has been struggling with his shot in the NBA and has sat on the bench late in some games.

LaVar Ball, who had previously said he would not intervene with the Los Angeles Lakers' coaching of Lonzo, said the team is "babying" Lonzo and not coaching him properly.

While LaVar did not specifically criticize Luke Walton, it can't be a welcomed development for Lakers coaches.



Amid the ongoing feud between LaVar Ball and President Donald Trump, a concern has risen for the Los Angeles Lakers: when LaVar isn't going back at Trump, he's criticizing the Lakers' coaching.

When the Lakers took LaVar's son Lonzo Ball with the second pick in the draft, it came after LaVar told Lakers president Magic Johnson that he would be hands-off with the team and his son.

"He said, 'Earvin, look, I'm not following my son. I'm not going to be hanging out in L.A. I'm going to be training these young kids [his other sons],'" Johnson told ESPN's Ramona Shelburne.

LaVar said he told Johnson, "'As far as training my boy, this is as far as I can take him. I'll leave it up to you to take him further.'"

However, as Lonzo has struggled mightily with his shot and consistency in the NBA, at times sitting out late in games, LaVar has grown impatient with Lakers coach Luke Walton. LaVar told Bleacher Report's Eric Pincus that the Lakers are "soft" on Lonzo.

"He's been away from me too long. I see tendencies in his game — they're trying to baby him a little bit ... They're soft. They don't know how to coach my son. I know how to coach him. I tell him to go get the victory. Stop messing around."

Asked if he had a problem with Walton, LaVar told Pincus, "No, I have a problem with losing."

The Lakers are 8-10 and Lonzo has shot just 30.8% from the field, 23% from three while averaging 8.9 points per game. While he leads the team in assists and has contributed in rebounding, Ball's shooting woes have been cause for concern in LA. Compared to LaVar, however, Walton has taken the calm route, saying every game is a learning experience.

LaVar criticized that mentality:

"What I mean by babying [Lonzo], 'He'll figure it out.' It ain't about that. 'Be patient with him?' Ain't no patience if you're winning."

"They're letting it go too easy, saying they're a young team. Forget about that! Put the [onus] on them. Say, 'You guys need to win. You've got enough talent. Win some games.'"

The Lakers can't be thrilled with this development, and it can't make things any easier on Lonzo, who now has two prominent voices in his ears telling him different things.

Intervening sports parents are nothing new, but few command the media attention and hype as LaVar — who, again, is in a spat with the president. LaVar's boisterous and overbearing style has already drawn other players to go after Lonzo and play harder than usual.

Walton is preaching patience, but it may be worth watching how he handles critiques from the outside, especially from someone who said they would lay off.http://www.businessinsider.com/lavar-ball-and-the-ball-family-inside-their-rapid-rise-2017-11Inside the rapid rise of the Ball family: How a former athlete trained 3 potential NBA players and became the most hated man in basketballNBA rookies Ben Simmons and Jayson Tatum have been impressive in their first professional season, but if there's one newcomer who has left his mark on the American basketball scene, it's LaVar Ball. After falling short in his own quest to attain fame as a professional athlete, Ball made it his life's mission to get his three sons to the NBA. So far, the plan has worked — the oldest, Lonzo Ball, is a member of the Los Angeles Lakers, and his younger brothers may follow behind him. Intense training is one aspect of Ball's strategy to vault his sons into superstardom, but so is attention-seeking behavior. Over the past year, he has made numerous inflammatory comments, sparred with some of the game's foremost figures, and drawn the ire of President Donald Trump, all while relentlessly promoting his business venture: Big Baller Brand. Below, read up on the rapid rise of one of the most intriguing families in all of sports. View As: One Page Slides

Despite having less than a season's worth of NBA experience between them, the Balls have become some of the biggest names in basketball.

There's Lonzo Ball, the second overall pick in the 2017 draft and rookie point guard for the Los Angeles Lakers...

...LiAngelo Ball, a freshman guard at UCLA...

...and LaMelo Ball, who was recently pulled out of Chino Hills High School in California in favor of an intense training and a homeschooling regimen.

Then there's the patriarch and the architect of the family's fame: LaVar Ball.

LaVar was a multi-sport athlete growing up. He played basketball at Washington State during the 1987-88 season, averaging 2.2 points per game. He also played for West Los Angeles College and Cal State Los Angeles.

LaVar and Tina met at Cal State, where he was initially attracted to her height. According to Tina, "He always had a master plan." Source: The Mercury News

LaVar and Tina had LiAngelo in 1998, followed by LaMelo in 2001. Each of their sons began training with LaVar before reaching preschool.

And train them he did. Lonzo did his first pull-up at age 4 and began doing sprints up mile-long hills at age 12. Source: Stack

"I started introducing my boys [to working out] when they were 4 or 5 years old, doing pull-ups and dips and hanging on the bars for fun," LaVar said. "They was into it because they would see who could do one, and then the other one would try and do two, and as they got older, they'd say 'Dad, let me go in there, I can do them by myself.' It was like a competition thing for all of them." Source: Stack

In addition to pushing them to their physical limits, LaVar instilled in his sons the confidence necessary to succeed in professional sports. He would tell them, "Your mom’s a PE teacher. I’m a trainer. She’s big. I’m big. You guys are big. Your last name is Ball. What else you gonna do?" Source: GQ

The boys showed promise from an early age. "When the boys were seven, nine, and ten, they’d play against the eighth graders and they’d run ’em into the ground," he told Los Angeles Magazine. "Soon kids would want them to sign their backpacks or their basketballs." Source: Los Angeles Magazine

Their work eventually paid off in a big way, as all three Ball sons became high school and AAU phenoms. Lonzo and LiAngelo committed to UCLA after their sophomore years, while LaMelo did so the summer after leaving middle school. Source: Los Angeles Magazine

In a high school basketball scene dominated by Catholic schools and prep powerhouses, the three brothers led the public Chino Hills High School to an undefeated record in 2015-16, defeating De La Salle in the state championship. Source: MaxPreps

That fall, Lonzo headed off to UCLA as a prominent prospect. He had a solid season, averaging 14.6 points, 6.0 rebounds, and 7.6 assists in just over 35 minutes per game. Despite a bizarre shooting motion, he made over 55% of his shots from the field.

While Lonzo put himself on the map with his productive play, LaVar's outspoken nature and penchant for exaggeration earned him a reputation as a master promoter.

In February 2017, LaMelo, then a high school sophomore, scored 92 points on 61 shots in a Chino Hills victory. LaVar was proud. "He loves to score," he told ESPN. "That's the type of things he's going to do next year on a daily basis. It's easy for him." Source: ESPN

The outsized stat line drew a number of reactions, including a negative one from Charles Barkley. "You know, the kid was waiting at half court most of the game. Never went back on defense. So I had a problem with it, to be honest with you," he said. Source: Mike & Mike

In March, LaVar took his trash talk to the next level, confidently asserting that he could outplay one of the greatest players to ever take the court. "Back in my heyday, I would kill Michael Jordan one-on-one...He better make every shot ’cause he can’t go around me," he said. "He’s not fast enough." Source: USA Today

Jordan responded, saying, "You've got to understand the source...I don't think he could beat me if I was one-legged." Read more: Michael Jordan responds to LaVar Ball: 'I don’t think he could beat me if I was one-legged'

In college, Lonzo led the Bruins to a 29-4 record, good for a No. 3 seed in the NCAA Tournament. But he was flummoxed by eventual rookie classmate De'Aaron Fox and the Kentucky Wildcats in the Sweet 16, and UCLA lost 86-75.

Soon after, Lonzo declared for the 2017 NBA draft in a widely anticipated move. For months, LaVar had been predicting that his eldest son would go to his hometown Los Angeles Lakers, telling ESPN that "I'm going to speak it into existence." Source: ESPN

Speculation surged when Los Angeles left the draft lottery with the second overall pick. The Washington guard Markelle Fultz was the consensus No. 1, meaning the Lakers would get their pick of the remaining litter.

On draft night, the Lakers took Lonzo with their top pick, fulfilling LaVar's prophecy. Less than a month later, they traded their incumbent point guard, the former No. 2 pick D'Angelo Russell, to the Brooklyn Nets, signaling a full commitment to Lonzo.

All the while, LaVar was touting his latest business venture: Big Baller Brand.

Big Baller Brand was launched in 2016 as a sports apparel and lifestyle company. In May of this year, LaVar announced that basketball fans could buy a pair of Lonzo's signature shoes, the ZO2s — for the low price of $495. Source: Big Baller Brand

People were outraged at what appeared to be a display of unfettered greed. LaVar defended the shoes on Twitter, saying, "If you can't afford the ZO2'S, you're NOT a BIG BALLER!" Source: Twitter

Shaq had a great response: "real big baller brands don't over charge kids for shoes." Source: Twitter

LaVar continued his antics over the summer. In June, he appeared alongside Lonzo and LaMelo on an episode of "WWE Monday Night Raw." Read more: LaVar Ball made his WWE debut and it was just as crazy as you would imagine

But in addition to controversy in the ring, there was controversy on the court. With thousands of fans in the stands, LaVar pulled his AAU team off the court after being called for a technical and cussing at the referee. Read more: LaVar Ball took his AAU team off the court and forfeited a game after getting called for a technical foul

In August, LaMelo got his own signature shoe from Big Baller Brand. LaVar brushed aside eligibility concerns, saying, "NCAA ain't going to tell me s---. Because they're not my boss." Read more: LaMelo Ball now has his own $400 Big Baller Brand shoes raising concerns about college eligibility

Weeks later, LaVar pulled LaMelo out of Chino Hills over disagreements with the school's new basketball coach. Read more: LaVar Ball is pulling youngest son LaMelo out of high school after disputes with new coach



While LaVar has helped his sons in many ways, he has hindered them in others. In Lonzo's NBA debut against the Los Angeles Clippers, he was shut down and taunted by Patrick Beverley. "I just had to set the tone. I told him after the game that due to all the riffraff his dad brings, that he's going to get a lot of people coming at him," Beverley said. Read more: Clippers guard who harassed Lonzo Ball in his NBA debut also offered him a grave warning

In November, it was LiAngelo's turn to make headlines. The UCLA basketball team traveled to China to take part in an exhibition against Georgia Tech, where LiAngelo and two of his teammates were arrested for shoplifting several items from a Hangzhou mall. Read more: Lonzo Ball's brother reportedly among UCLA players arrested in China

While on a visit to Beijing, President Donald Trump asked the Chinese president Xi Jinping to intervene in the case. Days later, the players were headed home. Read more: Trump asked the Chinese government to intervene in the case involving UCLA basketball players arrested in China

Trump took to Twitter to wonder if the players would thank him, and while LiAngelo did just that, LaVar dismissed the president's help. "Maybe we were doing some talking with some other people before he even got there," he told Fox News. "There is a lot of other matters going around for the president to deal with that's political. As far as me, let me deal with my son." Read more: CNN interview with LaVar Ball goes off the rails as he tries to explain why he dismissed Trump's help

In a year when he feuded with everyone from Michael Jordan to Stephen A. Smith, sparring with Trump was the icing on the cake. The president even sent a series of tweets about LaVar.

But despite his brash public persona, there is another side to LaVar. For one thing, his devotion to his family is undeniable.

Tina suffered a stroke back in February, spending over two months in the hospital. In a trailer for the family's Facebook reality series "Ball in the Family," LaVar is seen taking care of her as she works to regain her mobility. Source: YouTube

On Father's Day, Lonzo penned a touching letter to his father. "Thank you for teaching me how to play this game," he wrote in The Players' Tribune. "Thank you for teaching me how to be a man. And thank you for never apologizing for being you." Source: The Players' Tribune

LaVar isn't finished making headlines. In June, he told ESPN that his plan is to have LiAngelo declare for the 2018 draft, go unselected, and join Lonzo with the Lakers as a rookie free agent.

What's more, LaMelo is considered a top-20 prospect in the Class of 2019, and he might be the most famous high school basketball player in the country. Source: Rivals

As for Lonzo, he's keeping his head above water in his first NBA season, averaging 7.1 assists in 33.1 minutes per game for a Lakers on pace for an eight-win improvement.

Between the dominant performances on the court, the self-inflicted controversies, and the public feuds with just about everyone, it's been an interesting year for the Ball family...http://www.businessinsider.com/wigan-athletic-player-ryan-colclough-scored-twice-then-rushed-to-hospital-to-witness-the-birth-of-his-son-2017-11An English footballer scored 2 goals then ran off the pitch because his wife was giving birthWigan Athletic striker Ryan Colclough scored twice in his club's 3-0 victory over Doncaster on Tuesday.

Colclough ran off the pitch in the 60th minute and rushed to hospital to witness his wife give birth to his son.

Wigan chairman David Sharpe posted a photograph of Colclough holding his newborn baby — and he was still in his full Wigan football kit.

An English footballer scored two goals in a League One match, then ran off the pitch in the 60th minute to get to the hospital in time to witness the birth of his son.

Wigan Athletic striker Ryan Colclough produced his best performance of the season in his club's 3-0 victory over Doncaster Rovers on Tuesday.

Wigan gained a 1-0 advantage in the 40th minute when Joe Wright scored an own goal. The team then doubled its lead through Colclough just before the half-time break.

In the 58th minute, the 22-year-old scored his second goal of the game. Then, just two minutes later, he was substituted.

But rather than take his seat on the bench and watch the rest of the game, Cloclough ran down the tunnel and rushed straight to hospital to witness a crucial life milestone — the birth of his son.

What's more, he didn't have time to change. As the photograph below demonstrates, the first time he met his baby, Cloclough was still in his club colours — including his football socks.

Congrats to Ryan Colclough who scored a brace tonight in our win before being substituted to make it in time to see the birth of his son! 👏🏼 pic.twitter.com/Efvjk9P3sw — David Sharpe (@DavidSharpe91) November 21, 2017

It was Wigan Athletic chairman David Sharpe who posted the photograph on Twitter, along with his congratulations.

The remarkable news quickly swept through social media and caught the attention of Tottenham Hotspur striker Harry Kane, one of the best goalscorers in the Premier League.

Kane joked that he would have refused to come off until he had scored a third.http://www.businessinsider.com/trump-blasts-lavar-ball-ungrateful-fool-poor-don-king-2017-11Trump blasts 'ungrateful fool' LaVar Ball, calls him a 'poor man's version of Don King'President Donald Trump mocked NBA personality LaVar Ball after Ball refused to thank Trump for his role in having his son LiAngelo and two other UCLA basketball players released from China after being charged with shoplifting.

Trump called him an "ungrateful fool" and compared him to Don King without the hair.

Trump has been criticized in the past for finding athletes ungrateful, and after the UCLA players did thank Trump, Trump asked them to thank Chinese President Xi Jinping too.



President Donald Trump blasted NBA personality LaVar Ball on Wednesday with tweets calling an "ungrateful fool" and saying his son LiAngelo would have been in jail in China without his help.

The outburst followed a bizarre CNN interview in which Ball refused to thank Trump for his help.

On Wednesday morning, Trump tweeted "It wasn’t the White House, it wasn’t the State Department, it wasn’t father LaVar’s so-called people on the ground in China that got his son out of a long term prison sentence - IT WAS ME."

He went on to say, " LaVar is just a poor man’s version of Don King, but without the hair" and that LaVar "could have spent the next 5 to 10 years during Thanksgiving with your son in China."

Though LiAngelo and the other UCLA freshman basketball players detained for shoplifting in China did thank Trump for his help, Ball disputed that Trump purposefully tried to free the students during 12-day trip to Asia.

He also criticized the president for not bringing them back on Air Force One.

The freshman admitted to stealing from stores in China that reportedly included a Louis Vuitton outlet. In China, people convicted of shoplifting face up to 10 years in prison.

"LaVar, shoplifting is NOT a little thing. It’s a really big deal, especially in China" tweeted Trump, who also called Ball a "poor man's version of Don King, but without the hair" in reference to the scandal-ridden boxing promoter who is known to promote fights with sensational claims and an iconic hairdo.

King, who was convicted of second-degree murder in 1967, stumped for Trump during the campaign, and the two have referred to each other as friends in the past.

Trump has been criticized for finding athletes ungrateful in the past, as he routinely attacks NFL players for sitting during the national anthem.

After the UCLA players thanked Trump for his help, Trump went a step further and asked the players to also thank Chinese President Xi Jinping.http://www.businessinsider.com/cristiano-ronaldo-scores-twice-sets-another-record-and-lashes-out-at-the-press-2017-11Cristiano Ronaldo scores twice, sets another record, and lashes out at the pressCristiano Ronaldo scored twice and created a goal for Karim Benzema during Tuesday's win over APOEL Nicosia.

Despite the club's 6-0 victory, Ronaldo was in no mood to celebrate as he lashed out at the media after the game.

The Portuguese forward accused the press of twisting his words and implied there was little point in him talking to journalists.

Cristiano Ronaldo had a memorable evening on Tuesday.

The Real Madrid forward scored twice, created a goal, and set another record as he played a key part in Real Madrid's 6-0 win over APOEL Nicosia at the GSP Stadium in Cyprus.

The rout started in the 23rd minute, as Luka Modric scored a sublime long-range goal, 13 minutes before Karim Benzema and Nacho scored two goals in two minutes.

Real Madrid added three more goals in the second half. Benzema got his second just one minute after the break, before Ronaldo added the club's fifth and sixth goals in the 49th and 54th minutes.

Ronaldo's strikes mean he has scored 18 goals in the Champions League — Europe's premier football competition — in 2017 alone.

Another day, another record...



Cristiano Ronaldo has scored 18 Champions League goals in 2017, a new record across a calendar year ️⚽️ pic.twitter.com/SZRwIKTraw — BT Sport Football (@btsportfootball) November 21, 2017

Ronaldo, now the only male player to have scored 100 times in the Champions League, also leads the way when it comes to creating goals, too.

His assist for Benzema was his 27th in the last 10 Champions League seasons — which puts him above his creative rival Lionel Messi of FC Barcelona.

Ronaldo, though, was in no mood to celebrate.

Journalists approached him in the media zone after Real Madrid's victory, but the Portuguese forward gave an icy response and accused the media of twisting his words.

Ronaldo has been linked with a move away from Madrid, coverage he seemingly objects to.

"I say one thing and you write another," he said, according to The Mirror. "So why do you want me to speak?"http://www.businessinsider.com/sevilla-manager-revealed-he-has-cancer-in-his-half-time-liverpool-fc-team-talk-2017-11Sevilla pulled off an astonishing comeback against Liverpool after manager revealed he has cancer in his half-time team talkSevilla looked down and out as the team headed into half-time with a 3-0 deficit against Liverpool FC during Tuesday evening's Champions League match.

Manager Eduardo Berizzo chose that moment to tell his players he had been diagnosed with cancer.

Berizzo's players went back onto the pitch and produced an incredible comeback — scoring the equaliser with one of the very last kicks of the game.

Sevilla FC manager Eduardo Berizzo gave an astonishing half-time talk on Tuesday evening. His team was 3-0 down to Liverpool FC, and it was at this moment he decided to tell them he had cancer.

Brazilian forward Roberto Firmino played a part in Liverpool's three first half goals, striking first in the second minute, creating a goal for Sadio Mané 20 minutes later, then scoring again on the half-hour mark.

At half-time, it appeared Sevilla was down. However, Berizzo's incredible locker-room pep talk — which focused on his prostate cancer diagnosis — delivered an astonishingly positive response as Sevilla returned to the Estadio Ramón Sánchez Pizjuán pitch.

French striker Wissam Ben Yedder scored a header in the 51st minute. Nine minutes later he converted a penalty.

This meant Sevilla had gone from 3-0 down to 3-2 down, and still had around half an hour to find an equaliser.

For 30 minutes Sevilla was still searching for that goal. The clock was ticking and time was running out.

Then, with what was one of the last kicks of the match, Guido Pizarro scored that vital goal. It was 3-3 — Sevilla had done it, and the players rushed to Berizzo to celebrate the comeback.

You can watch the goal that clinched the draw — and the celebration that followed — right here.

Absolute scenes as the hosts score a 93rd minute equaliser!



HT Sevilla 0-3 Liverpool



FT Sevilla 3-3 Liverpool



The miracle of Pizjuan-bul pic.twitter.com/oShCB5r4vj — BT Sport Football (@btsportfootball) November 21, 2017

Sevilla wished Berizzo a "speedy recovery" on the official club website.http://www.businessinsider.com/highest-paid-nba-players-all-time-2017-2The 25 highest-paid NBA players of all timeThanks to the NBA's skyrocketing TV contracts and smaller rosters, a basketball career can be quite lucrative compared to other major sports.

This is especially true for the athletes who played a large chunk of their careers between the late 1990s and the 2011 lockout. These years led to some large contracts for players we might not consider among the all-time greats.

But with the recent surge in the NBA's salary cap, today's stars are starting to catch up, and even surpass, those players in career earnings.

Here is a look at the 25 players who have made at least $160 million, according to data collected from Spotrac and Basketball-Reference:http://www.businessinsider.com/joel-embiid-is-showing-he-can-beat-opponents-physically-and-mentally-2017-11Joel Embiid shows he can beat opponents physically and mentally with a masterful sequenceJoel Embiid trolled Jazz guard Donovan Mitchell into a cheap technical foul on Monday night.

After the game, Embiid openly admitted to flopping on the play, causing reporters to laugh at his bluntness on the matter.

The move shows Embiid's potential to become one of the legendary trash talkers in the league.



Despite being just 45 games into his NBA career, Joel Embiid is already showing a range to his game that makes some believe he could go down as one of the greatest players ever.

During the Sixers' road trip, Embiid played some of the best games yet in his career, including a 46-point performance against the Lakers that served as a coming out party to any basketball fans who weren't yet aware of Embiid's dominant abilities.

But on Monday night against the Utah Jazz, Embiid showed a different type of dominance — that of the mental mind games that can take over NBA courts.

In the third quarter, Embiid delivered a hard block to Jazz guard Donovan Mitchell. After the play, he stared down Mitchell as he was on the ground, said some words, and began to trot back to the Sixers side of the floor. In response, Mitchell got up and shoved Embiid. When Embiid embellished the contact and fell to the ground, Mitchell was immediately hit with a technical foul, which Embiid mimed along with and used to pump up the home crowd.

You can watch the whole scene play out below.

The STUFF.

The STARE.

The SHOVE.



Joel Embiid, ladies and gentlemen. pic.twitter.com/qkI6PbS3Bo — NBC Sports Philadelphia (@NBCSPhilly) November 21, 2017

While the play obviously started with Embiid's physical dominance, after the block, it's the center's tendency to troll that takes over on the court, and he employs in to perfection. As soon as Mitchell makes contact with him he falls to the floor — all seven feet and 250 pounds of him — in a heap in order to draw the foul, which he then celebrates with an smile that reads simply, "Gotcha."

Despite a relatively mediocre statline from Embiid — 15 points, 11 rebounds, 3 assists, and 2 blocks in 27 minutes of work — his provocation of Mitchell still provided him with the highlight of the night as the Sixers took the win 107-86.

After the game, Embiid openly acknowledged the fact that he flopped while speaking with reporters. "Obviously I blocked the shot, and said then I something to him," Embiid said when asked to talk through the play. "And then he just got up and kind of fake shoved me, and I flopped, and he got a technical for it. So that's basically how it happened."

Reporters broke out in laughter after he admitted to "flopping" so openly.

Embiid added that it was all a light-hearted affair though, saying "But it's all fun after the game. We shook hands. It was all fun."

You can watch Embiid's post-game interview below.

The NBA is known for its legendary trash talkers, from Hall of Famer Kevin Garnett to current title-holder Draymond Green. But not even 50 games into his young career, Embiid is already showing an acumen for the art form, and getting results.

Combined with his fantastic play on the court and his fun-loving social media presence that has made him so beloved throughout the league, Embiid is developing into a true triple-threat.http://www.businessinsider.com/braves-mlb-punishment-international-signing-scandal-2017-11Atlanta Braves to be hammered by MLB, will reportedly lose 12 players and former GM has been barred for life over international signings scandalThe Atlanta Braves were docked 12 players and a draft pick for violating MLB's international prospect signing rules.

The Braves had reportedly been signing players by exceeding their bonus pool.

Former GM John Coppolella has been barred for life.



The Atlanta Braves have reportedly been hammered by MLB for violating the rules for signing international prospects.

An investigation by MLB concluded that the Braves exceeded their bonus pool money to sign international prospects by offering more money outside of the signing bonuses.

As a result, 12 players, nine of whom the Braves signed last year and three signed this year, will become free agents and the Braves will lose a third-round pick this year. Former GM John Coppolella, who lost his job amid the investigation, has been barred for life, while former scout Gordon Blakely will be suspended for one year. Jon Hart, who took over as president of baseball operations in October, resigned last week.

The punishment was first reported by Yahoo's Jeff Passan and MLB commissioner Rob Manfred later released a statement confirming it.

According to Passan, Atlanta will also be limited to offering prospects $10,000 in the 2019-20 signing period.

Most in the MLB world say the loss of vaunted prospect Kevin Maitan will hurt the Braves the most. Maitan is a switch-hitting shortstop that Passan describes as one of the most valued prospects from Latin America in the last decade.

The Braves have been praised for building one of the best farm systems in MLB, but the rebuilding effort took a hit with the penalties handed down by MLB.http://www.businessinsider.com/ap-ray-allen-tells-orlando-court-he-was-catfished-2017-11Former NBA star Ray Allen tells court he was a victim of 'catfishing' by man who claims he was being stalkedBryant Coleman told the Orlando court he was being stalked by Ray Allen.

Allen asked the court to throw the case out, saying he was a "catfishing" victim.

The motion claims Coleman pretended to be "a number of attractive women interested in Ray Allen."



ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — Retired NBA star Ray Allen said he is a victim of "catfishing," and has asked a court to throw out a case where he is accused of stalking someone he met online.

Allen filed an emergency motion in Orange County, Florida, on Tuesday, one day after Bryant Coleman told the court he is being stalked by the 10-time All-Star and two-time NBA champion.

Allen said Coleman is the one who is stalking.

"Coleman pretended to be a number of attractive women interested in Ray Allen," read the motion filed on Allen's behalf. "Ray believed he was speaking with these women and communicated with them."

Attorney David Oscar Markus released a statement saying Allen took legal action in an effort to put an end to threats against him and his family, and that Allen was the victim "of an online scheme to extract money and embarrass him by someone who appears to be troubled."

In the filing, Allen said Coleman threatened to reveal details of their conversations, and that the sides eventually struck a deal to keep everything private. Allen said that deal has been violated and that Coleman has continued to harass him and his family through several social-media accounts.

"He posted about Ray's wife, Ray's children, Ray's dog, Ray's homes, Ray's wife's restaurant, and numerous other personal items," read the motion. "Coleman not only posted about these things, he would actually post while physically located inside Ray's wife's restaurant in Orlando. And he would make sure they knew it, tagging Ray and his wife on those posts."

Allen asked the court to stop Coleman from "cyber-stalking." It was not clear if Coleman has an attorney, and a working phone number for him could not be found.

"Ray regrets ever engaging with this person online and is thankful they never met in person," Markus said. "This experience has negatively impacted Ray, and he hopes that others might use his mistake to learn the dangers of communicating online with strangers."

Allen is the NBA's all-time leader in 3-pointers made. He won championships with Boston in 2008 and Miami in 2013, the second title coming after he made one of the most dramatic shots in playoff history — a game-tying 3-pointer with 5.2 seconds left in regulation of Game 6 of The Finals against San Antonio, a game that the Heat would win in overtime to extend the series to a seventh game.

Allen also played for Milwaukee and Seattle, and last appeared in the league in 2014. He and his family have lived in the Miami area since.http://www.businessinsider.com/teen-who-won-sixers-fans-chick-fil-a-has-incredible-backstory-2017-11Philadelphia teen who beat cancer and won free Chick-fil-A for fans with a half-court shot is being embraced by the teamPhiladelphia 76ers fan Mike Shelly hit a half-court shot on Saturday night to win Chick-fil-A for every fan in attendance.

After his shot went viral, fans began to learn of Shelly's backstory, including his battle with cancer and the recent loss of his older brother.

The team has embraced Shelly and invited him to be a part of some team ceremonies.



On Saturday night, the Philadelphia 76ers lost at home to the Golden State Warriors, 124-116, after taking a 74-52 lead into halftime.

It was a disappointing loss for the up-and-coming Sixers, who have emerged as one of the most exciting teams to watch in this young NBA season, but one fan still found a way to send the Philadelphia crowd home happy: 17-year-old Mike Shelly, who hit a half-court shot during a television timeout to win Chick-fil-A for every fan in attendance.

The #sixers may have lost, but this guy was the true hero giving Chick-fil-a to every fan #TTP pic.twitter.com/Z0yzuosjEb — JJ Fritsch (@phillyphan94) November 19, 2017

While his shot was undoubtedly incredible, it became all the more heartwarming when fans learned the details of Shelly's story.

As Matt Mullin and Kyle Neubeck at Philly Voice noted, Shelly was 14 years old when he was diagnosed with stage IV Burkitt lymphoma, a rare and aggressive form of cancer. Now 17, he was declared cancer-free just over a year ago. As Shelly told Philly Voice, stepping into the bright lights of a sold-out NBA stadium isn't that scary of a challenge once you've stared down cancer.

"After what I've been through, stuff like [going out on the court at the Wells Fargo Center] is not a worry to me, it's more like a blessing," Shelly said. "I'd say that I'm not really stressed out to go hit a half-court shot; it's more like, I try to take it all in and go, 'Wow, this is awesome. I'm not stressed out about this. I'm going to enjoy it. I'm not going to take it for granted. This is really an honor.'"

Unfortunately, tragedy struck Shelly and his family again in August, when his brother Andrew, died in a car accident. To celebrate Andrew's life and love of the team, Shelly and his father have been attending more games this season.

Shelly's selection as the fateful halftime shooter on Saturday night had been a coincidence, but once the Sixers heard about his backstory, the team snapped into action to embrace the young man.

To start, Shelly was asked to ring the ceremonial pre-game bell ahead of Monday night's game against the Utah Jazz. His seats were also upgraded to courtside for the game. When he arrived at the arena, Shelly was surprised with a jersey from the team, presented to him by first overall pick Markelle Fultz.

Mike Shelly, who beat cancer last year and then wowed fans in Philly by hitting incredible half-court shot on Saturday, is heading on the trip of a lifetime courtesy of @sixers & @ChickfilA! Special thanks to @MarkelleF & @ChristianCrosby! pic.twitter.com/hvZKV7s1mJ — Dave Sholler (@DaveSholler) November 20, 2017

Additionally, Shelly was invited to travel to Atlanta with the team for their game against the Hawks, where he'll get a tour of the Chick-fil-A headquarters.

While all the free chicken, gifted jerseys, and courtside upgrades are nice, Shelly said that the most important part of the experience has been the knowledge that it could help comfort other kids like him.

"People see me out there before they know my story, and they're like, 'Wow, that kid just hit a big shot. That's so cool,'" he said when asked about his favorite part of all this. "But after people and especially kids with pediatric cancer see [my story] – like, when I went through my whole treatment, it was really awesome to see kids who have gone through it do bigger things, or go on to play in the NFL like Eric Berry, who had cancer and now he plays in the NFL. Like, that was always a, 'Wow! This does get better; things do happen after cancer.' In the moment, it sucks. But if I was a kid in a hospital and saw that – another kid hitting a shot at the Sixers game – I'd be like, 'Wow, he's really enjoying himself.'

"That's the biggest thing, I'd say, would be to help anyone out with what I did."

Shelly won't be heading to Atlanta with the team until March, but there's little doubt he'll be seen around Sixers games in the mean time — after all, Philly is now undefeated in games where he's rung the opening bell.

You can read more about Shelly's story here.http://www.businessinsider.com/schools-most-revenue-college-sports-texas-longhorns-2017-11The 27 schools that make at least $100 million in college sportsIt is no secret that big-time college sports is a big-money business, and last year no school made more money from its athletics program than the University of Texas.

In all, there are now 27 schools that make at least $100 million in annual revenue from their athletic department, according to data collected by the U.S. Department of Education. That is up from 24 a year ago and 13 in 2014.

Here are the schools that make the most revenue off of college sports, with additional data collected by USA Today. In addition, we detail where most of the money comes from, including football, men's basketball, and women's basketball revenue, the three sports that typically generate the most money.http://www.businessinsider.com/gabby-douglas-larry-nassar-doctor-abuse-gymnastics-2017-11Olympic gymnast Gabby Douglas shares abuse allegations after being accused of 'victim shaming' her teammatesOn Tuesday, Olympic gymnast Gabby Douglas accused former team doctor Larry Nassar of sexual abuse.

The two-time gold medalist wrote in an Instagram post that she didn't share her stories sooner because she was "conditioned to stay silent."

Douglas' allegations come several days after she was accused of victim-shaming her former teammates Aly Raisman, who has also accused Nassar of alleged abuse.

Over the weekend, Gabby Douglas tweeted a message that appeared to criticize her former teammate Aly Raisman. The two-time gold medalist was dragged through the mud on Twitter, with many accusing her of victim-shaming Raisman and others who've come forward with abuse allegations against former team doctor, Larry Nassar. Now, Douglas has not only released an apology, but alleged that Nassar abused her as well.

In an Instagram post shared Tuesday, Douglas apologized for her Tweet and shared her story of alleged abuse at the hands of Nassar. She explained that the day before she sent her tweet, she was at an event with girls who look up to her as a role model. Douglas wrote:

I didn't view my comments as victim shaming because I know that no matter what you wear, it NEVER gives anyone the right to harass or abuse you. It would be like saying that because of the leotards we wore, it was our fault that we were abused by Larry Nassar. I didn't publicly share my experiences as well as many other things because for years we were conditioned to stay silent and honestly some things were extremely painful. I wholeheartedly support my teammates for coming forward with what happened to them.

please hear my heart A post shared by Gabby Douglas (@gabbycvdouglas) on Nov 21, 2017 at 12:16pm PST on Nov 21, 2017 at 12:16pm PST

Douglas' post makes her the third member of the 2012 "Fierce Five" gymnastics team to come forward with allegations against Nassar. McKayla Maroney came forward in early October as part of the #MeToo social media campaign. Raisman made allegations against Nassar earlier this month. Nassar is currently facing criminal charges that he molested other gymnasts, along with counts of possessing child pornography. He has denied the charges.

Though Maroney has been silent since coming forward, even deleting her social media accounts, Raisman has continued to criticize both Nassar and USA Gymnastics, which she says went to great lengths to protect the doctor over young female members of the team.

"I kept reaching out saying I wanted to meet with [the private investigator] again, because I had time to process it, I realized it was really bad," Raisman said in an interview with "Today." "I was basically told to keep it quiet, and that they were handling it."

Raisman has been equally vocal on Twitter, writing on Saturday that she would not "put up with any woman or girl being shamed for wanting to wear a skirt, dress, etc."

"STOP VICTIM SHAMING," Raisman wrote. "It is because of you that so many survivors live in fear."

We are all in this together. If we are going to create change I need all your help. pic.twitter.com/q9d12z0KHn — Alexandra Raisman (@Aly_Raisman) November 17, 2017

Douglas responded in a now deleted tweet that said, "It is our responsibility as women to dress modestly and be classy. Dressing in a provocative/sexual way entices the wrong crowd."

Many took Douglas' message as a form of victim-shaming and a slap in the face to her former teammate, including Simone Biles, who competed with both women on the 2016 Olympic women's gymnastics team.

"Shocks me that I’m seeing this but it doesn’t surprise me," Biles wrote. "Honestly seeing this brings me to tears bc as your teammate I expected more from you & to support her."

shocks me that I’m seeing this but it doesn’t surprise me... honestly seeing this brings me to tears bc as your teammate I expected more from you & to support her. I support you Aly 💕 & all the other women out there!

STAY STRONG pic.twitter.com/CccTzhyPcb — Simone Biles (@Simone_Biles) November 17, 2017

You can read Douglas' full Instagram post below:

First, I want to reiterate my apology for responding the way that I did to a comment that one of my teammates posted. I know some of you may take what I'm about to say as insincere, but I still want to provide context.

The day before I commented, I was at an event where hundreds of children and young adults came to spend an evening with me. It’s very humbling when many people look up to you as an example. I take my job as a role model very seriously and I always want to do my best to represent all the best qualities that a role model should embody. I admit there are times that I fall short.

I didn't view my comments as victim shaming because I know that no matter what you wear, it NEVER gives anyone the right to harass or abuse you. It would be like saying that because of the leotards we wore, it was our fault that we were abused by Larry Nassar. I didn't publicly share my experiences as well as many other things because for years we were conditioned to stay silent and honestly some things were extremely painful. I wholeheartedly support my teammates for coming forward with what happened to them.

I understand that many of you didn’t know what I was dealing with, but it is important to me that you at least know this. I do not advocate victim shaming /blaming in any way, shape, or form! I will also never support attacking or bullying anyone on social media or anywhere else.

Please forgive me for not being more responsible with how I handled the situation. To every other individual that commented to or about me hatefully, I apologize that I let you down too. I will never stop promoting unity, positivity, strength, being courageous, and doing good instead of evil. I have learned from this and I’m determined to be even better

All my love,

Gabby

If you are a victim of sexual assault, you can visit RAINN or call its hotline at 1-800-656-4673 to receive confidential support from a trained staff member.http://www.businessinsider.com/shaq-on-lavar-ball-lonzo-persona-nba-lakers-2017-11'It's all marketing': Shaq weighs in on LaVar Ball's over-the-top personaBusiness Insider asked Shaquille O'Neal for his thoughts on LaVar Ball, father of Lakers rookie Lonzo Ball, before he was the recipient of critical tweets from President Trump.

Shaq stopped by Business Insider to talk about his collaboration with home security technology company Ring, to raise awareness about how homeowners can better protect their property this holiday season. Shaq recently kicked off a campaign with Ring's CEO Jamie Siminoff around protecting holiday package deliveries - specifically as National Package Protection Day approaches on Nov. 29. Following is a transcript of the video.

Business Insider: What do you think of Lonzo Ball so far? It's very early in the season but what do you make of him?

Shaquille O'Neal: He's playing safe. I would like to see him be more aggressive. The second game, when he scored 29 points against Phoenix, I think that's the Lonzo Ball that people are expecting and are looking to see.

When you play for a storied franchise such as the Lakers, when great names come before you, people expect a certain way.

The other guy's playing that way as a rookie, [Kuzma] or whatever it is, but [Lonzo's] a ... definitely to have a great player is one that keeps others involved, so he's definitely doing that but I would like to see him be more aggressive.

Business Insider: What do you think of his father and his sort of eccentric persona?

(CNN clip starts)

LaVar Ball: There's a lot of other things that's going on, man.

CNN: No question about it.

LaVar Ball: Let him do his political affairs, and let me handle my son, and let's just stay in our lane.

(CNN clip ends)

Shaquille O'Neal: I think that's all marketing. You got to respect the fact that he loves his family, he takes cares of his kids, but I think it's all marketing.

I can look at a person, especially when they're talking to the camera, if they always end something with a smile, it's acting. NBA stands for "nothing but acting."

But, man loves his family, loves his kids, I can't take that away from him. Some of his tactics are not businesslike but, hey, to each his own.http://www.businessinsider.com/nfl-playoff-bracket-week-12-2017-11The NFL playoff picture through 11 weeks includes includes 11 good teams and 1 huge outlierThere has been a lot of chatter about this season's NFL playoff picture, especially on the AFC side, where an 8-8 or 9-7 record might be good enough to get a team into the postseason. But while the NFC has more of the top teams, if the playoffs began today, we would have most of the best teams, with just one obvious outlier, the Tennessee Titans.

In the NFL, luck can play a bigger factor in determining playoff teams due to the smaller sample size of regular-season games. Because of that, point differential (the difference between points scored and points allowed) can often be a better indicator of which are the best teams. In an ideal world, the 12 teams with the best point differential would make the playoffs.

If the season ended today, the 2017 playoffs would include the top seven in differential and 11 of the top 14. The one major exception would be the Titans, who so far have a -31 point differential, 22nd in the NFL and 74 points worse than the Seattle Seahawks, who are ranked eighth in point differential and would not be in the playoffs if the season ended today. Here are the 12 teams that would be in the playoffs if the season ended today:http://www.businessinsider.com/bill-belichick-dislikes-nfl-games-mexico-earthquakes-volcanoes-2017-11Bill Belichick says he wouldn't want to play in Mexico City again due to logistics concerns — and earthquakes and volcanoesThe New England Patriots beat the Oakland Raiders, 33-8, on Sunday in a game played in Mexico City.

Bill Belichick said on Tuesday that he wouldn't be in a "rush" to go play another game there.

Belichick said the teams were lucky there weren't any volcanic eruptions or earthquakes while they were in Mexico.



New England Patriots coach Bill Belichick on Monday said he's not in any "rush" to play another game in Mexico City after the New England Patriots beat the Oakland Raiders, 33-8, in Week 11 in Mexico.

Belichick said the trip required more logistical work and was exhausting for both the players and team employees.

"It's a long way to go for a game," Belichick said during his weekly appearance on WEEI. "There's a lot in terms of all the logistics of it. They are not used to having an NFL team, so you have to go in there and handle a lot of the logistics. It took a lot of manpower, a lot of hours, a lot of energy out of our organization to do that. We are exhausted from the trip."

Belichick also seemed to fear the elements in Mexico, saying the teams were fortunate not to encounter any earthquakes or volcanic eruptions while they were south of the border.

"Players did a great job dealing with all the challenges we had to deal with," Belichick said. "I think we're fortunate there was no volcano eruptions or earthquakes, or anything else while we were down there. You have two NFL franchises in an area that I don't know how stable the geological plates that were below us [were], but nothing happened, so that was good."

The NFL announced that they will have one game in Mexico City each year through 2021.

Tom Brady seemed to enjoy the experience more, saying he would love to go back.

"It's a great experience," Brady said. "I've never been to Mexico City, but I'm definitely coming back. We stayed in a beautiful hotel, I had a beautiful view in my room. Just a very historic stadium."http://www.businessinsider.com/seahawks-lose-falcons-blair-walsh-missed-field-goal-2017-11Seahawks lose in brutal fashion when beleaguered kicker's potential tying field goal comes up just shortThe Seattle Seahawks lost to the Atlanta Falcons, 34-31, on Monday night after Seahawks kicker Blair Walsh missed a field goal with seven seconds left.

Walsh's attempt looked to be just a foot or two short of the goalposts.

Walsh has struggled with accuracy recently.



The Atlanta Falcons beat the Seattle Seahawks, 34-31, on Monday night after Seahawks kicker Blair Walsh barely missed a 52-yard field goal that would have tied the game.

The Seahawks put together a late run, scoring a touchdown and two-point conversion that pulled them within three points with three minutes remaining. They got the ball back after forcing the Falcons to punt, and Russell Wilson drove the Seahawks into field-goal range with seven seconds remaining.

That put the game in the hands of Walsh, who has struggled of late. Walsh notably missed what would have been the winning field goal against the Seahawks in the 2015 playoffs as a member of the Minnesota Vikings. When he struggled the next season, the Vikings cut him. Walsh has improved this year but nevertheless has hit only 77% of his field goals, which ranks second lowest of kickers to make 15 or more field goals this year.

Walsh's Monday-night attempt appeared to be good — but came up a foot or two short in a heartbreaking moment.

Here's how close the field goal came from (likely) sending the game to overtime.

Of course, the loss cannot be pinned solely on Walsh. The Seahawks also had two turnovers, with the Falcons' defense scoring two touchdowns.

Nonetheless, it was a brutal turn of luck for Walsh, who has had at times struggled in big moments.http://www.businessinsider.com/heavyweight-boxer-david-haye-broken-man-after-withdrawing-from-lucrative-tony-bellew-fight-2017-11Boxer David Haye injured himself in a 'freak accident,' withdrew from a big-money fight, and now looks like 'a broken man'David Haye damaged his bicep in a freak gym accident preparing for his December ruckus with boxing rival Tony Bellew.

A "devastated" Haye has been forced to withdraw from the Bellew bout and now looks like a "broken man," according to promoter Eddie Hearn.

Heavyweight boxer David Haye looks "like a broken man" according to boxing promoter Eddie Hearn.

Haye injured himself in a "freak" gym accident, damaged his bicep, and was forced to withdraw from a lucrative rematch against British rival Tony Bellew at the 02 Arena in London on Sunday December 17.

A "devastated" Haye said: "After a freak accident during a stair conditioning session, which I’ve done hundreds of times before, I lost my footing, slipped and instinctively grabbed the bannister to stop myself falling down the stairwell and in doing so managed to damage my bicep."

"He was distraught… I've not seen David like that before," Hearn explained to Sky Sports News. "He's a guy who's very confident in himself and his ability, he loves the limelight, and he looked like a broken man."

Haye has undergone a procedure to repair the damage and was told by doctors he will make a full recovery. He will begin arm rehabilitation in two weeks.

Haye boxed Bellew earlier this year in February. The former heavyweight champion, looking to return to the top of the division, was expected to ease past Bellew but the Londoner was forced to fight on one leg after injuring his Achilles.

Bellew took advantage of the injury, loaded up on his punches, and sent Haye flying through the ropes in a dramatic showdown at the 02 Arena.

As a result, Haye "wanted the [rematch] badly," Hearn said. "He's a determined individual and to come back from the Achilles injury in the way he did was extremely impressive. I'm sure he will return from this injury as well."

The plan is to "reschedule" the fight for next year, according to Hearn.http://www.businessinsider.com/baker-mayfield-crotch-grab-benched-2017-11Heisman favorite Baker Mayfield will not start for the Sooners after making an obscene gesture towards Kansas playersBaker Mayfield will not start for the Sooners on Saturday after making obscene gestures at an opposing bench last week.

Mayfield made the gesture after players from Kansas spurned his handshake before kickoff.

Oklahoma head coach Lincoln Riley was emotional while announcing the punishment of the likely Heisman winner.



Oklahoma quarterback and Heisman favorite Baker Mayfield will not start this Saturday for the Sooners after making a rude gesture towards opposing players last weekend.

Mayfield's tension with the Kansas Jayhawks started before the game even kicked off, when KU captains refused his offer of a handshake ahead of the coin toss.

kevinmcguire: Was Baker Mayfield trying to shake the Kansas players’ ha… ESPN College Footb… https://t.co/QZ4LsIRLSj pic.twitter.com/Yvwi92HghW — FanSportsClips (@FanSportsClips) November 18, 2017

Mayfield laughed off the incident, but made the Jayhawks pay on the field, with Mayfield throwing for 257 yards, three touchdowns, and leading the Sooners to a 41-3 victory to hand Kansas their tenth loss of the season.

After a few cheap shots that didn't slow Mayfield down, the Sooners marched down the field to score once more, at which point Mayfield made the gesture towards the Kansas sidelines, grabbing his crotch and yelling curses at the opposing bench.

Baker Mayfield given meaningless punishment for grabbing his dick: https://t.co/uuiw4gHbp3 pic.twitter.com/oZiloujooV — Deadspin (@Deadspin) November 20, 2017

Mayfield is no stranger to showing emotion on the field, most notably planting the Oklahoma flag in the center of The Horseshoe after the Sooners upset victory over Ohio State earlier in the season.

Still, this gesture was one to far for the Oklahoma coaching staff. Despite Mayfield apologizing immediately after leaving the field, saying that he "got caught up" in a chippy game, head coach Lincoln Riley announced that Mayfield would not start for the Sooners on Saturday against West Virginia, and would also not be a captain for the game.

Riley was clearly emotional while speaking to the press, saying "I don’t know that I'll ever have a player who is as special to me as he is."

You can watch Riley comment on Mayfield's play below.

Lincoln Riley had to take a moment during his press conference to gather himself -- “I don’t know that I’ll ever have a player who is as special to me as he is.”



Baker Mayfield will not start vs West Virginia on Saturday pic.twitter.com/Nk3dkYyoTz — ESPNU (@ESPNU) November 20, 2017

The Sooners and Mountaineers kick off in West Virginia at 3:45 p.m. on ESPN.http://www.businessinsider.com/case-keenum-vikings-dominate-quarterback-debate-2017-11The quarterback the Vikings brought in as a safety net has sparked a team dilemma while helping them look like Super Bowl contendersThe Minnesota Vikings signed Case Keenum to backup Sam Bradford, and eventually, Teddy Bridgewater.

Keenum has instead started seven games because of injuries and has played well while leading the team to a 5-2 record in those games.

With Bridgewater healthy, there is a debate about whether he should play over Keenum, but Keenum's performance is making it hard to bench him.



The Minnesota Vikings are on a six-game winning streak and sitting in a tie for second in the NFC at 8-2.

While the Vikings remain one the stingiest defensive teams in the NFL, they've received an unexpected boost from backup quarterback Case Keenum, who was thrust into the starting position and has shown no sings of handing it back.

Keenum signed a one-year deal with the Vikings this offseason after two mediocre seasons with the St. Louis/Los Angeles Rams. Keenum figured to play backup to Sam Bradford and maybe even backup to fourth-year quarterback Teddy Bridgewater, who was on the mend from a knee injury.

When Bradford got hurt after Week 1, Keenum was put into the starting lineup and played unremarkably. The Vikings went 1-2 while he threw three touchdowns and no interceptions. Bradford returned prematurely in Week 5, got yanked from the lineup while clearly still hurt, and Keenum took over again.

Since then, Keenum has been on fire, and the Vikings haven't lost. In six games, Keenum has thrown for an average of 259 yards per game, completed 66% of his passes with eight touchdowns and five interceptions. None of those numbers are mind-boggling stats, but Keenum has been effective and the Vikings have survived injuries on both sides of the ball.

In fact, Keenum has been effective enough that the Vikings have delayed the return of Bridgewater, who is now healthy enough to play. Bridgewater looked like the future of the team before his injury, and presumably, the team would like to see how he looks after a nearly two-year absence. But even Vikings coach Mike Zimmer said the team can't just pull Keenum for no reason.

"It's going to be hard to yank him out of there right now," Zimmer said of Keenym. " He’s playing good.

"I still have really high hopes for Teddy. You know a lot of things happen throughout the course of this season, so we'll just see how it goes."

With Bridgewater breathing down his neck, Keenum has only elevated his play against solid competition. He out-dueled Kirk Cousins in Washington, throwing a career-high four touchdowns to lead Minnesota to the win, and in Week 11, he beat his successor with the Rams, 2016 No. 1 pick Jared Goff.

He showed a nice touch in finding tight end Kyle Rudolph:

They don't call him Big Country for nothin'@KyleRudolph82 goes up for the grab. #LAvsMIN pic.twitter.com/NU8YsrNHpH — Minnesota Vikings (@Vikings) November 19, 2017

And his lone passing touchdown came on a big play from breakout receiver Adam Thielen:

Still, Keenum seems like a multi-interception day away from losing his job. With an elite defense and a run game that's been buoyed by Latavius Murray and Jerick McKinnon, the Vikings rightfully have deep playoff aspirations. Between Bridgewater and Keenum, the team wants to know who can better lead them deep.

The debate is going to continue as long as both are healthy, but at the moment, it's difficult to take a quarterback leading the team to wins out of the game in Keenum.http://www.businessinsider.com/jurgen-klopp-once-slapped-a-player-to-goad-a-goal-out-of-him-during-an-informal-5-a-side-game-2017-11Jürgen Klopp once slapped a player to get him to score a goal during a family 5-a-side gameJürgen Klopp's extraordinary competitiveness is laid bare in a new biography by German football expert Raphael Honigstein.

In "Klopp: Bring The Noise," Honigstein says the Liverpool manager is "a sports nut" who "just wants to win."

In the book, Honigstein recalls an incident when Klopp playfully slapped a player to goad a goal out of him during a family five-a-side game on a Turkish beach.

Liverpool manager Jürgen Klopp is a "sports nut" who has an extraordinary competitive streak, according to his biographer Raphael Honigstein.

That desire to win is laid bare in Honigstein's latest book, "Klopp: Bring The Noise."

Honigstein gathered stories from Klopp's family and the people he works with (and used to work with) to help craft a picture of who he is as a man and as a manager.

"They were generous with their stories," Honigstein told Business Insider. "It's hard to say I was surprised with any of it."

Asked to isolate an anecdote that helps summarise Klopp's attitude to football coaching, Honigstein pointed to a family holiday where Klopp coached a five-a-game side on a Turkish beach where "all coolness" went out the window.

Here's what the book says:

"On a family holiday in Turkey a couple of years ago, [Eintracht Amateure striker Sven] Müller was playing in a five-a-side team with Klopp's sons, Marc and Dennis. Klopp himself was injured but coached the team with real passion, giving detailed instructions from the sidelines. 'I had to go off because it was extremely hot and I'm quite old,' Müller recalls. 'I think we were narrowly in the lead. Kloppo, in his inimitable style, came up to and slapped me softly across the face. 'You will score one more goal, you'll score one more!' he told me. I went back on and did indeed score one more.'"

What's more, the team Klopp coached on that holiday ended up winning.

"He's got this doggedness when it comes to winning football games," Honigstein wrote. "Even when it's just for fun on a beach somewhere. He cannot help himself."

He added to BI: "It was just a nothing game, on the sand. I can vividly see him doing that.

"He's a sports nut. He's just wants to win everything."http://www.businessinsider.com/cnn-interview-lavar-ball-reaction-to-trump-2017-11CNN interview with LaVar Ball goes off the rails as he tries to explain why he dismissed Trump's helpLaVar Ball was a guest on CNN on Monday night to discuss his feud with President Donald Trump.

One of Ball's sons was arrested in China with two UCLA basketball teammates after the three were accused of shoplifting, and Trump says he asked for Chinese President Xi Jinping's help in allowing the players to leave the country. Ball has dismissed Trump's assistance.

Ball said he would have thanked the president if the UCLA players actually came home on Air Force One.



LaVar Ball, who is famous for being the father of some good basketball players and talking boisterously about it, appeared on CNN on Monday night to discuss his war of words with President Donald Trump. The interview quickly went off the rails as Ball created more confusion than answers.

In an interview that lasted more than 20 minutes, Ball spent the majority of time sparring with the CNN host Chris Cuomo. Ball refused to thank Trump for the president's role in the release of Ball's son LiAngelo and two other UCLA basketball players who were arrested and charged with shoplifting during a recent team trip to China. The Trump administration has said that Trump brought the players' arrest up during a meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping and that the players, who were being held in a hotel, were allowed to leave the country shortly afterward.

Ball started the interview by questioning why Trump was in China in the first place, suggesting that the fact Trump's opportunity to help was coincidental — he was already in China as part of a 12-day Asia trip — diminished the president's role in the players' release.

"He didn't even know they were over there," Ball said. "What was he even over there for in the first place? ... What I'm trying to say is, it's not like he was in the US and said, 'There's three kids in China — I need to go over there and get 'em.' That wasn't the thought process."

Ball then tried to explain why he wouldn't thank the president.

"I don't have to go around saying 'thank you' to everybody," Ball said. "He didn't call me. I didn't shake his hand. He didn't have to say nothin', but I'm just sayin'. I have to know what somebody is doing before I say 'thank you.' I'm not just going to go around saying 'thank you.'"

Ball then suggested that work was already being done behind the scenes to secure the players' release before Trump got involved.

"Maybe we were doing some talking with some other people before he even got there," Ball said, adding: "There is a lot of other matters going around for the president to deal with that's political. As far as me, let me deal with my son."

Things only deteriorated from there between Cuomo and Ball as Ball, on multiple occasions, suggested Trump did not help the UCLA players because he did not bring them home on Air Force One.

"I'll tell you this. If I'm coming to get you, let's say I'm coming to get you out of trouble," Ball said. "You best believe I am going to take you with me."

But in a confusing exchange, Ball declined to double down on that sentiment and directly accuse the president of not doing enough:

Ball did say "that was nice" when told Trump talked to Xi about Ball’s son's situation, but he again asked, "What did he do for my son?" He reiterated, "I'm not just saying thank you to anybody for nothing," and said that he "had some things done" and that he spoke with other people who "did some other things too."

Ball also explained why thought the incident "wasn't a big deal," saying he had seen friends go to prison for worse crimes — the players were accused of stealing sunglasses from a Louis Vuitton store — and his son "wasn't physical, he returned it, he fessed up to it ... nobody got hurt."

He then again dismissed Trump's influence on the release, noting that the president later said he should have "left them in jail."

"First of all, they weren't in jail – they was in a hotel," Ball said. "Now, how did they get to the hotel on bail? Somebody had to do something ... If he helped, I'd say 'thank you.'"

At that point, Ball and Cuomo got into an argument over who was in China.

Ball then reiterated that he "don't know" if the president actually helped in the release of the players, dropping one of his favorite lines, saying "let's just stay in our lane," in reference to the president sticking to politics and Ball dealing with his son.

This led to an argument over whether Ball "took a shot" at the president.

But if things seemed as if they were already off the rails, the interview really went haywire when the pair sparred over thank-yous, whether Cuomo would thank Ball for his appearance, and going full circle to Ball saying he would have thanked the president if "he would have put him on his plane and took them home."

A retort from Trump at this point feels inevitable.http://www.businessinsider.com/jon-gruden-espn-coaching-jobs-rumors-2017-11How Jon Gruden turned coaching success into huge paydays from ESPN — all while being one of the most sought-after coaching candidates in the gameNearly a full decade after calling his last play as an NFL head coach, Jon Gruden remains one of the biggest names in professional football. After leading the Oakland Raiders to back-to-back division titles in 2000 and 2001, Gruden was flipped to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in a blockbuster trade. There, he became the youngest Super Bowl-winning head coach in history. Since Gruden's coaching days ended, he has been an analyst on "Monday Night Football," as the highest-paid employee at ESPN. Still, it seems that almost every time there is a high-profile opening for a head coach, his name is among the first to be mentioned. Below, take a look back at Gruden's wild ride through 30 years of playing, coaching, and talking about football. View As: One Page Slides

Gruden grew up in Ohio as a Cleveland Browns fan and was the backup quarterback for the University of Dayton Flyers in the early '80s, playing sparsely. In 1986, he landed his first coaching job as a graduate assistant with Tennessee.

After a brief stop in Missouri, Gruden headed out to California and landed his first NFL job shortly thereafter, serving as an assistant to the San Francisco 49ers quarterbacks coach Mike Holmgren. It was Joe Montana's final season as the starter.

Two years later, Gruden followed Holmgren to the Green Bay Packers, where he eventually rose to wide receivers coach. In 1995, he was hired as the Philadelphia Eagles' new offensive coordinator.

His first year in Philadelphia was a rough one for the offense, but things improved rapidly from there. The Eagles were one of the top five teams in yards gained in both 1996 and 1997.

The following year, Gruden was hired to serve as head coach of the Oakland Raiders, his first such job at any level. At just 35, he was one of the youngest head coaches in NFL history. Source: Pro Football Hall of Fame

Gruden inherited a team that had gone 4-12 the previous season, but he quickly got them going in the right direction. The Raiders went 8-8 in back-to-back seasons to start his tenure.

Despite his sometimes prickly exterior, Gruden was a hit with his players. They playfully dubbed him "Chucky" after the evil doll from the "Child's Play" movies.

People Magazine took a more charitable view. Gruden was once named to the publication's 50 Most Beautiful People list. Source: ESPN

One of Gruden's biggest success stories was Rich Gannon, a 35-year-old quarterback with a 75.6 career passer rating through his first 83 games. The journeyman took to the Raiders' system almost immediately, throwing for 3,840 yards and 24 touchdowns en route to the 2000 Pro Bowl.

In 2000, the Raiders rode their prolific offense to a 12-4 record, ultimately falling to the Baltimore Ravens in the Conference Championship.

The game was a controversial one. Gannon suffered a big hit at the hands of Baltimore's Tony Siragusa early in the second quarter, forcing him from the game. Gannon returned in the second half, but he struggled, and the Raiders lost 16-3. Siragusa was later fined $10,000. Source: San Francisco Chronicle

Gruden led the Raiders to one more playoff appearance before he was traded to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers for an absolute haul: two first-round draft picks, two second-rounders, and $8 million. Gruden's parents lived in the area, leading to speculation that he had pushed for the deal. Source: Los Angeles Times

He hit the ground running with his new team, which had made the playoffs in three straight seasons but won just two games. The Buccaneers set a franchise record by winning 12 games in 2002, cruising to the postseason with ease.

They were never seriously challenged in the playoffs, trouncing the 49ers and Eagles by a combined 42 points. For the first time in franchise history, the Buccaneers were in the Super Bowl.

In a dramatic twist, Gruden faced his old team, the Raiders, in Super Bowl XXXVII. Despite plenty of buildup, it wasn't much of a contest, as the Buccaneers opened up a 20-3 lead by halftime and cruised to a 48-21 victory, sealing it with a pair of pick-sixes in the last two minutes.

Gruden spent six more seasons in Tampa, but he never won another playoff game. The Buccaneers were hurt by high-profile disputes with some of their biggest stars, including Warren Sapp and Keyshawn Johnson. Source: ESPN

The Buccaneers also suffered from poor quarterback play, starting names like Chris Simms, Bruce Gradkowski, and a washed-up Jeff Garcia. None of Gruden's passers in Tampa ever performed as well as Gannon.

After another playoff appearance in 2007, Gruden remarked that "the future is so bright around here I have to wear shades." One year later, he was fired after coaching the team to a four-game losing streak to end the season.

All the while, he has maintained his trademark obsessiveness. Gruden often rises before 4 a.m., sometimes doing research and watching film at his desk for 12 hours or more. Source: Bleacher Report

In 2015, James Miller reported that Gruden is the highest-paid employee at ESPN, raking in around $6.5 million a year. Source: Twitter

Although he is popular in his current role, rumors that Gruden may return to the sideline seem to circulate every season. He recently stated that he would not rule out another coaching gig. Read more: Jon Gruden says he may return to coaching, and 2 teams appear to be the most likely destinationshttp://www.businessinsider.com/23andme-founder-anne-wojcicki-speaks-about-sergey-brin-2017-1123andMe CEO Anne Wojcicki's defense of her ex-husband's weird FiveFinger shoes is a glimpse into how she thinks23andMe founder Anne Wojcicki says ex-husband Sergey Brin wears strange shoes because he is creative.

The story, written by Times columnist Maureen Dowd, is featured in the Times' style section and details Wojcicki's past high-profile relationships with Google co-founder Sergey Brin and Major League Baseball player Alex Rodriguez.



Anne Wojcicki, the chief executive of DNA testing startup 23andMe, has an impressive track record building an innovative and successful business from scratch.

In a profile in the New York Times this week, we learned about another side of Wojcicki: her experience moving on from relationships with two very high-profile exes. Wojcicki was married to Google co-founder Sergey Brin, and later dated baseball star Alex Rodriguez, aka A-Rod.

Given that the story was published in the NYT's "Style" section, rather than in the "Business" section, the focus of the piece by Maureen Dowd is not as bewildering as it might at first sound.

And the piece provided some interesting insight into Wojcicki, one of the leading entrepreneurs in healthcare today.

Take the famously weird shoes of Brin, her ex-husband. Brin's web-toed shoes have become a long running source of amusement in Silicon Valley, where sporting the coolest footwear is a status symbol.

To Wojcicki however, the weird shoes represented a proof of character.

"Sergey’s amazingly creative. I mean, that’s the fun of him. The stuff that comes out of his mouth sometimes is just extraordinary. He really genuinely sees the world in a different way. He’s also not worried about what people think of him," she told the Times, when asked about the shoes.

For reference, here's a photo of Sergey Brin's signature five-finger shoes:

Wojcicki says that Brin has another pair of weird shoes, as well: "He also had spring shoes, shoes with a spring in the back of them for people with back problems. He wore them a lot."

As for A-Rod, the verdict was less generous — at least from the viewpoint of Wojcicki's mother.

Esther Wojcicki says her daughters relationship with Rodriguez didn't last because, ultimately, A-Rod wasn't smart enough. "He had no academic background," the elder Wojcicki said, "We couldn’t have an intellectual conversation about anything. His main interest in life was something that none of us had ever focused on, which was baseball."

If you want to know more about Wojcicki's professional accomplishments, there's a number of previous stories in the Times' business section. Or right here on Business Insider's site.

And if want to read more about the lighter piece on Wojcicki's romantic past, you can read the full story in the New York Times here.http://www.businessinsider.com/fantasy-football-week-12-top-waiver-wire-pickups-2017-11Top 10 waiver-wire pickups for Week 12 in your fantasy football leagueWith Week 11 of the NFL season nearly in the books, it's time for another exciting waiver cycle in the world of fantasy football. As all fantasy owners know, a Thursday night game can be a big reason to stay away from an otherwise trendy player. Because of the Thanksgiving holiday, there are three such matchups this week, which could lead to several brutal game-time decisions. While the players included below are a diverse group, you'll notice that only one of them is from a team with a Thanksgiving game. Get set for Week 12 by reading up on these 10 potential pickups. View As: One Page Slides

Samaje Perine, RB Team: Washington Redskins Week 11 stats: 117 rushing yards, 9 receiving yards, one reception, one touchdown One thing to know: Perine became trendy when the Redskins moved the starter Rob Kelley to the injured reserve last week, and his stock just about exploded when Chris Thompson went down with a fractured fibula during Sunday's game. Even if he's too tired to do much of anything against the New York Giants on Thursday, he's a great pickup for the rest of the way.

Corey Coleman, WR Team: Cleveland Browns Week 11 stats: 80 receiving yards, six receptions One thing to know: After missing most of the season because of a hand injury, Coleman picked up right where he left off: as the Browns' No. 1 receiver. With a catch rate of 54.5%, he was hampered by DeShone Kizer's inaccuracy, but he's still an interesting waiver candidate because of volume alone. The Jacksonville Jaguars defense was on its game on Sunday, but Cleveland's opponents for this week, the Cincinnati Bengals, won't pose nearly as much of a challenge.

Devontae Booker, RB Team: Denver Broncos Week 11 stats: 44 rushing yards, 54 receiving yards, five receptions One thing to know: Despite getting a comparable number of touches, this Utah product vastly outproduced the former Pro Bowler C.J. Anderson on Sunday. At 3-7, the Broncos should be much more interested in next season than this one, so expect the 25-year-old Booker to see plenty of action going forward.

Kenny Stills, WR Team: Miami Dolphins Week 11 stats: 180 receiving yards, seven receptions, one touchdown One thing to know: Stills was having a quiet November before Sunday's game, when he rode his chemistry with the backup quarterback Matt Moore to one of the best receiving lines of Week 11. With the New England Patriots on deck twice in the next three weeks, Stills looks like a good bet to stay productive in the games ahead.

Damien Williams, RB Team: Miami Dolphins Week 11 stats: 78 rushing yards, 24 receiving yards, one reception One thing to know: Kenyan Drake was the more popular play out of the Dolphins' backfield by committee, but it looks as if Williams could end up being their primary weapon on the ground. With Jay Cutler in concussion protocol, Miami may need to rely on its running backs more than usual in Week 12.

Tyrod Taylor, QB Team: Buffalo Bills Week 11 stats: 158 passing yards, 38 rushing yards, two touchdowns One thing to know: NFL fans were shocked when the Bills announced last week that they were benching Taylor in favor of the rookie Nathan Peterman, and sure enough, Taylor was back in the game for the second half. He made the most of his limited opportunities, compiling just over 18 fantasy points. While Sean McDermott says he's "still evaluating" the situation, the Bills would be crazy to try Peterman again.

Charles Clay, TE Team: Buffalo Bills Week 11 stats: 27 receiving yards, three receptions One thing to know: Clay hasn't been very impressive since returning from his injury, but the tight end waiver wire is fairly thin these days. At least he has an undeniable chemistry with Tyrod Taylor, who should get a chance to play in all four quarters in Week 12. If nothing else, bank on the Bills' highly favorable schedule over the next three weeks, when they'll face the Kansas City Chiefs, Patriots, and Indianapolis Colts.

Mike Wallace, WR Team: Baltimore Ravens Week 11 stats: 56 receiving yards, four receptions, one touchdown One thing to know: Wallace is on pace for some of the worst numbers of his nine-year career, but don't blame that on his recent performance. The Ole Miss product has caught two touchdown passes in his past two games, including a one-handed, 21-yard grab against the Green Bay Packers on Sunday. With Joe Flacco playing a bit better of late, it's a great time to snag this veteran.

Stephen Hauschka, K Team: Buffalo Bills Week 11 stats: 1/1 field goals, 3/3 extra points One thing to know: This Massachusetts native has missed just one field goal since Week 2, so with him, the concern is more about volume than skill. Fortunately, the Bills are set to play three of the NFL's six-worst defenses on a per-play basis over the next three weeks. Invest in Hauschka with confidence.http://www.businessinsider.com/white-house-clarifies-trumps-tweet-about-leaving-ucla-players-in-jail-2017-11White House: Trump wasn't being literal when he tweeted he should've left UCLA players 'in jail'The three UCLA basketball players who were arrested in China and charged with shoplifting returned stateside after President Trump met with Xi Jinping to ask for help in the case.

LaVar Ball, father of LiAngelo Ball, downplayed Trump's involvement with his son's release while speaking with ESPN.

On Sunday morning, Trump sent out a tweet suggesting Ball was ungrateful for his help and that he "should have left [the players] in jail!"

At the daily press briefing on Monday, Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders clarified that Trump's comments were "rhetorical" and that he was pleased that the players were back stateside.



The White House has clarified President's Trump tweet from Sunday morning, in which he said of the three UCLA Bruins who had been arrested in China, "I should have left them in jail!"

At the White House daily briefing on Monday, Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders clarified that the president did not regret intervening in the case when asked about the tweet, and that he was happy to see their release.

"The president was certainly very glad and thankful to see the release of the three UCLA athletes by the Chinese government," Sanders said.

Sanders was then asked if the president really believed he should have left the players in jail, to which Sanders said, "No, I think if that was the case he wouldn't have taken the action that he did, and acted in order to help get those individuals released and brought back to the country."

When asked why President Trump tweeted, "I should have left them in jail!" when he did not believe that he should have left the players in jail, Sanders said that his words were meant as "a rhetorical response to a criticism of the father."



The father in question is none other than LaVar Ball, who downplayed Trump's involvement in the release of his son LiAngelo after he was caught shoplifting with two of his UCLA teammates in China. Trump was in China at the time of the players' arrest, and reportedly spoke with Chinese president XI Jingping and requested help with getting them released.

After their safe return stateside, Trump had openly wondered on Twitter whether or not the players would give him credit for bringing them back, which they did at a press conference, but LaVar Ball later went on to downplay the role Trump played in his son's release while speaking with ESPN. It was this dismissal that drew the ire of the president and prompted his Sunday morning tweet, which we now know to be "rhetorical."

You can watch the odd exchange below.http://www.businessinsider.com/saints-defense-nfls-scariest-teams-2017-11The Saints fixed the weakness that had made them a laughing stock in recent years, and now they look like one of the NFL's scariest teamsThe New Orleans Saints have won eight games in a row and are now one of the top teams in the NFC.

After three years as one of the worst defensive teams in football, the Saints have done a turnaround and now rank as a top-5 defense in the NFL.

Any team with a stout defense, strong run game, and proven quarterback is scary in the postseason.



No team in the NFL is hotter than the New Orleans Saints, who have won eight straight games to move to 8-2 in a second-place tie in the NFC.

The Saints' latest victory was a thrilling 34-31 overtime win over the Washington Redskins in which they scored 15 points in the final three minutes to tie the game and take it to OT.

And while the Saints rode quarterback Drew Brees for that comeback, the biggest difference between this season and their past three in which they went 7-9 is a stifling defense.

From 2014 to the 2016, the Saints ranked 31st, 32nd, and 31st, respectively, in defensive DVOA, per Football Outsiders. They went through two defensive coordinators and routinely ranked among the worst teams at bringing pressure and defending the pass.

That's all changed this year. New Orleans ranks fifth overall in defensive DVOA and fourth in pass defense. They're just 24th in rush defense, but they've been effective at sacking opposing quarterbacks, ranking seventh in Football Outsiders' adjusted sack rate.

The key addition has been rookie cornerback Marshon Lattimore, taken with the 11th pick in the 2017 draft. Lattimore has two interceptions on the year and has been one of the most effective corners in football this year. After Week 10, Pro Football Focus had him as the top ranked rookie in the NFL. According to ESPN's Bill Barnwell, Lattimore has allowed just a 67.6 passer rating to quarterbacks on the left side of the field. When he left Week 11 with an injury, Kirk Cousins went 12-of-16 targeting the left side of the field.

The Saints' improved defense played an underlying role in their Week 11 comeback vs. Washington. While it was Drew Brees and the offense that completed two efficient drives for late scores, the Saints also forced Washington into a three-and-out late in the fourth quarter to set up a second late score and then stopped Washington's offense again in overtime.

An improved defense has taken the Saints to the next level. Since trading Adrian Peterson, they've had the NFL's most efficient run game in Mark Ingram and Alvin Kamara who are averaging 6.3 and 9.3 yards per carry, respectively. Since October, the Saints have run the ball 234 times and passed the ball 230, a nearly even 50-50 split in play-calling. Compare this to last year, when the Saints threw the ball over 200 more times than then they ran it.

But as seen on Sunday, when the Saints fall behind, their fall-back option is Drew Brees, one of the best quarterbacks in the NFL. For the first time in years, Brees isn't the No. 1 option for the Saints, and their defense is allowing them to run the ball more with leads, taking pressure off Brees.

The Saints will be tested in coming weeks as they faced the 7-3 Los Angeles Rams and 7-3 Carolina Panthers in a huge division game. But the Saints have turned in victories in every type of form — come-from-behind wins, ground-based attacks — and can now lean on both sides of the football to get the job done. A team with a stout defense, efficient run game, and proven quarterback is a scary recipe come January.http://www.businessinsider.com/the-dallas-cowboys-are-falling-apart-without-ezekiel-elliott-2017-11The Dallas Cowboys are falling apart without Ezekiel ElliottEzekiel Elliott is two games into serving his six-game suspension, and the Cowboys are now 0-2 without him, scoring just 16 points over eight quarters.

Between Elliott's absence and a few crucial injuries, Dallas' offense has looked dismal.

At 5-5 and looking up at a crowded NFC playoff picture, the Cowboys will have to drastically improve if they have any hopes of making it to the postseason.



The Dallas Cowboys are falling apart.

Beyond owner Jerry Jones' ongoing war with the NFL, on the field, the Cowboys have looked absolutely atrocious the past two weeks, suffering two bad losses to the Eagles and Falcons. Their offense managed only 16 points combined and the Cowboys fell to a 5-5 record that would have them miss the playoffs if the season ended today.

The first and most obvious cause for their recent offensive woes is the loss of Ezekiel Elliott. After a seemingly never-ending legal battle over his six-game suspension, two weeks ago the Cowboys' star sophomore running back finally started sitting out games to serve his punishment.

Zeke entered his suspension as one of the top rushers in the league, with 783 yards and seven touchdowns on the ground, and 80 or more rushing yards in all but one of his starts. While Alfred Morris was still able to get the Cowboys 100 yards on Sunday night against the Eagles, he's unquestionably less dynamic that Elliott, especially in terms of burst and big-play ability.

Elliott's absence has also made defenses more keen to attack quarterback Dak Prescott with almost reckless abandon, secure in the knowledge that Zeke isn't sneaking behind them to take a screen pass to the house after a sell-out blitz. Falcons defensive end Adrian Clayborn was able to amass six sacks in a single game against the Cowboys, and the ferocious front seven of the Eagles bothered Prescott all night on Sunday, bringing him down in the backfield four times and forcing him into questionable throws that helped lead to their three interceptions on the night.

It's clear that Elliott's absence is being felt, but he's not the only key player missing from the Cowboys offensive attack. Once one of the most impressive units in all of football, the Dallas offensive line has changed a lot from last year. As Robert Mays at The Ringer notes, departure of Ronald Leary and Doug Free in the offseason were both big adjustments, and a groin injury has kept All-Pro left tackle Tyron Smith out of the lineup the past two weeks. Combined with the loss of Elliott, and Dak Prescott has been left largely to fend for himself.

Moving forward, the road does not get that much easier for the Cowboys, with a game against a talented Chargers team on short rest this Thursday before back-to-back matchups against division rivals. While the Chargers defense doesn't have the same game-altering potential as the Eagles do, they did secure five interceptions in the first half on Sunday against a rookie quarterback who was in over his head.

The year isn't over yet for the Cowboys, but they'll need to string together a couple of wins to stay involved in the hunt for the playoffs as the season enters the home stretch. Elliott is due to make his return in Week 16 against the Seahawks, but if the Cowboys can't figure out a way to win without him, he might be coming back to a season that's already lost.http://www.businessinsider.com/lebron-james-agrees-that-colin-kaepernick-has-been-blackballed-2017-11LeBron James sounds off on Colin Kaepernick's fight against the NFL: 'It just feels like he's been blackballed'LeBron James told ESPN he believes the free agent quarterback Colin Kaepernick is being blackballed by NFL owners.

James backed up his claim by citing poor quarterback play around the league, saying Kaepernick is "better than a lot of those guys."

Kaepernick filed a collusion grievance against the league last month.

LeBron James became the latest athlete to comment on Colin Kaepernick's continued unemployment and grievance with the NFL, saying he believes the quarterback is being blackballed by the league's owners.

While James conceded that he doesn't understand football on a professional level, he said it doesn't take an expert to see that Kaepernick is better than a number of quarterbacks who have started games this year.

"I love football, but I'm not part of the NFL. I don't represent the NFL. I don't know their rules and regulations," James said, according to Dave McMenamin of ESPN. "But I do know Kap is getting a wrong doing, I do know that. Just watching, he's an NFL player. He's an NFL player and you see all these other quarterbacks out there and players out there that get all these second and third chances that are nowhere near as talented as him. It just feels like he's been blackballed out of the NFL."

While Kaepernick had a solid year in 2016 — 16 touchdown passes with a passer rating of 90.7 — he learned that the San Francisco 49ers had no plans to keep him around and became a free agent at the end of the season. Since that time, teams have started unheralded signal callers like Nathan Peterman, Scott Tolzien, Brett Hundley, and Mike Glennon, yet Kaepernick remains a free agent.

Many feel that the league's owners have been ignoring Kaepernick due to his protests during the national anthem, which began at the start of last season. The California native and his supporters have maintained that the protests are about police brutality and racial inequality, but many see them as a sign of disrespect to the US.

James told McMenamin that he agrees with Kaepernick's supporters, saying the discrepancy in skill is too great to ignore.

"The only reason I could say he's not on a team is because the way he took a knee. That's the only reason," he said. "I watch football every Sunday, every Thursday, every Monday night. I see all these quarterbacks — first-string, second-team, third-team quarterbacks — that play sometimes when the starter gets hurt or are starters that play. Kap is better than a lot of those guys. Let's just be honest."

As a result of his continued unemployment, Kaepernick filed a grievance last month accusing NFL owners of collusion. His lawyer, Mark Geragos, recently expressed his confidence in the case.

League commissioner Roger Goodell, meanwhile, has tried to downplay the rumors of blackballing. In July, he told reporters that free agent signings "are independent decisions that clubs make," according to JJ Conrad of NJ.com.http://www.businessinsider.com/georgia-dome-implosion-demolition-weather-channel-2017-11A bus hilariously blocked The Weather Channel's live shot of the epic Georgia Dome implosion at the exact wrong momentA bus blocked The Weather Channel's live shot of the Georgia Dome's implosion.

The video rocketed around social media on Monday.



A bus picked the worst possible time to cut in front of The Weather Channel's live shot of Monday's Georgia Dome implosion.

Right as the 25-year-old Atlanta structure was sent to the ground, a bus drove into the channel's live shot, entirely blocking the structure's collapse.

It made the shot, in essence, worthless. And people thought it was hilarious.

"Go bus, get out of the way!" someone can be heard shouting from behind the camera. "Bus! Get out of the way bus. Are you...ughhhh. What the f---. F---. "

Video of the incident has already been retweeted more than 10,000 times as of 4 p.m. ET Monday, just an hour after it was posted.

I am CRYING. The Weather Channel set up for a live shot of the Georgia Dome being imploded, and at the perfectly wrong time ... this happened (via @ajc): pic.twitter.com/LA0cXpC7oX — Brett Taylor (@Brett_A_Taylor) November 20, 2017

A better metaphor for life I’ve never seen https://t.co/X7kpXYUKtT — Leigh Munsil (@leighmunsil) November 20, 2017

This is a goddamn work of art. Put this shit in MoMA https://t.co/brfMcoSMKk — Aaron W. Gordon (@A_W_Gordon) November 20, 2017

OMG the audio https://t.co/mH3F4N0Yvn — Bill Wasik (@billwasik) November 20, 2017

Winner for MUST WATCH OF THE DAY. https://t.co/HyAuSz14EU — Darren Rovell (@darrenrovell) November 20, 2017

"I…worked on this story for a year…and…he just…he tweeted it out," the live-cam version. https://t.co/6tDskbYJg1 — Chris Geidner (@chrisgeidner) November 20, 2017

MUST watch with sound.https://t.co/FaH7ZGneGI — erin mccann (@mccanner) November 20, 2017http://www.businessinsider.com/trump-sports-tweets-marshawn-lynch-lavar-ball-2017-11Trump has put one thing front and center since returning from his huge Asia trip — his sports feudsPresident Donald Trump is back to clashing with sports figures after his trip to Asia.

Trump lashed out at the bombastic LaVar Ball and NFL running back Marshawn Lynch this weekend.

The feuds developed as 18 NCAA championship teams visited Trump's White House.



President Donald Trump returned to a familiar pastime this weekend after returning from a lengthy trip to Asia: clashing with some of the biggest names in the sports world.

Trump's battles with major figures in the NFL and NBA dominated headlines in late September and through much of October. He lambasted protests that take place during the national anthem, particularly in the NFL. And he revoked Golden State Warriors star Steph Curry's invitation to visit the White House.

But in recent weeks, it appeared as if Trump had become more detached from sports-centric feuds. Trump waged battles involving Gold Star families, fought with retiring Republican senators, dealt with an escalation in the ongoing Russia probe, sought to promote the GOP's tax reform legislation, and then hopped aboard Air Force One to spend nearly two weeks on the other side of the globe.

That changed shortly after he landed back home.

Just hours upon returning to the states, Trump ignited what later became a clash with the bombastic, headline-grabbing businessman and overbearing sports parent LaVar Ball, whom Axios once wrote used "the Trump playbook to conquer sports media."

Trump feuds with the most prominent sports parent, LaVar Ball

Trump's trip to Asia was befallen by what became an international incident: Three UCLA men's basketball players — including LiAngelo Ball, LaVar's son — were arrested in China for shoplifting, later released after Trump pushed Chinese President Xi Jinping to intervene.

"They were headed for 10 years in jail!" Trump claimed. (ESPN reported that people familiar with the case believed it would be settled in less than two weeks.) Right before leaving China. Trump wondered on Twitter whether the released players would "thank" him.

Hours after returning to the states themselves, the UCLA basketball players, including Ball, they did just that, thanking Trump during a press conference.

But the elder Ball — who has gained notoriety for his brash persona as his older son, Lonzo, has developed into a major figure on the NBA's Los Angeles Lakers — didn't step away. Speaking to ESPN, he minimized Trump's role in securing the LiAngelo's release.

"Who?" LaVar said of Trump's involvement. "What was he over there for? Don't tell me nothing. Everybody wants to make it seem like he helped me out."

"As long as my boy's back here, I'm fine," he added. "I'm happy with how things were handled."

Trump seized on this comment and escalated, suggesting that he "should have left" the players "in jail" because Ball was ungrateful for his help.

"Now that the three basketball players are out of China and saved from years in jail, LaVar Ball, the father of LiAngelo, is unaccepting of what I did for his son and that shoplifting is no big deal," he tweeted. "I should have left them in jail!"

"Shoplifting is a very big deal in China, as it should be (5-10 years in jail), but not to father LaVar," he continued in a later tweet. "Should have gotten his son out during my next trip to China instead. China told them why they were released. Very ungrateful!"

White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Trump's tweet was a "rhetorical response to a criticism by the father" and that Trump was "happy" to see their release.

But Ball, not one to avoid such kerfuffles, is scheduled to appear in primetime on CNN Monday night to discuss his feud with the president and presumably, respond to Trump's latest tweets. History has shown that, depending on what Ball's response is, people can expect Trump to fire back yet again.

But he's already taken issue with another sports figure in the meantime.

Back to the anthem protests

In a Monday morning tweet, Trump slammed Oakland Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch for sitting during the "Star Spangled Banner" prior to a game against the New England Patriots in Mexico City. Lynch subsequently stood for the Mexican anthem in a move that was almost certain to draw Trump's attention.

The protests started more than a year ago, when former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick began sitting — and later taking a knee, which caught on with more players — to protest police brutality and the mistreatment of black Americans in the US.

"Marshawn Lynch of the NFL’s Oakland Raiders stands for the Mexican Anthem and sits down to boos for our National Anthem," Trump tweeted. "Great disrespect! Next time NFL should suspend him for remainder of season. Attendance and ratings way down."

Meanwhile, Trump welcomed 18 NCAA championship teams to the White House last week, providing warm welcomes to teams such as Maryland's championship men's and women's lacrosse teams and a co-ed West Virginia rifle squad.

One team that didn't make the trip? South Carolina's women's basketball team, which declined their invitation.http://www.businessinsider.com/amanda-staveley-pcp-300-million-offer-newcastle-united-report-2017-11Middle Eastern financier Amanda Staveley reportedly made a £300m bid for Newcastle UnitedA British multi-millionaire financier has reportedly made a £300 million ($397 million) bid for Premier League team Newcastle United.

PCP Capital Partners, a wealth management firm run by powerful Middle Eastern financier Amanda Staveley, has made a formal bid to buy the football team, according to a new report from Sky News.

There have been rumours and speculation about a possible bid from Staveley since October, when she attended a match between Newcastle and Liverpool (it ended in a draw, 1-1), and then allegedly spoke to officials for the team after the match.

The £300 million is reportedly a mix of Staveley's own funds and other investors, and it's not clear if there are other "credible" bidders, Sky News reported.

Newcastle United is currently owned by Mike Ashley, billionaire founder of Sports Direct. He bought the club for around £135 million ($179 million) and also gave it interest-free loans, making his total investment around £260 million ($344 million), according to Chronicle Live.

Staveley has a net worth of £110 million ($146 million), according to the Sunday Times richlist, while her firm PCP's clientele includes Middle Eastern royalty and businessmen. She's also the ex-girlfriend of Prince Andrew, and a former model.

She has previously bid — twice — for Liverpool, and helped Sheikh Mansour with his 2008 takeover of Manchester City.http://www.businessinsider.com/ap-ex-nfl-receiver-terry-glenn-dead-after-dallas-area-wreck-2017-11Former Cowboys and Patriots receiver Terry Glenn was killed in a car wreckTerry Glenn was killed in single-car accident near Dallas.

Glenn's fiancée was injured in the wreck.

Glenn played 12 seasons in the NFL, mostly with the Patriots and Cowboys.

DALLAS (AP) — Officials say former Cowboys and Patriots receiver Terry Glenn has died following a one-vehicle rollover traffic accident near Dallas that left his fiancée slightly hurt.

The Dallas County Medical Examiner's office says Glenn died shortly before 1 a.m. Monday at Parkland Memorial Hospital in Dallas. The ex-Ohio State standout was 43.

Irving police are investigating the cause of the wreck at 12:18 a.m. on eastbound Highway 114. Police spokeswoman Chelsey Jones says Glenn, who lived in the Dallas area, was driving when the vehicle left the highway, struck a concrete barrier and rolled. Glenn was ejected. Jones says his fiancée suffered minor injuries. Her name and further details weren't released.

Glenn played 12 seasons in the NFL, from 1996 to 2007, with the New England Patriots, the Green Bay Packers and the Cowboys.

___

For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFLhttp://www.businessinsider.com/bill-belichick-career-wins-nfl-including-playoffs-2017-11Bill Belichick joined an elite group with the Patriots' latest winAfter the New England Patriots had a shaky start to the season, they have righted the ship — especially on the defensive side of the ball — and have now won six straight games and once again look like the favorite to reach the Super Bowl in the AFC.

The latest win for the Patriots, a 33-8 blowout of the Oakland Raiders in Mexico, was especially noteworthy because it elevated head coach Bill Belichick to an elite group.

Including the playoffs, Belichick now has 271 career wins, moving him past Tom Landry on the all-time list. Only Don Shula and George Halas won more games in their careers.http://www.businessinsider.com/trump-media-thanksgiving-youre-fired-2017-11Trump wishes the media a happy Thanksgiving, tells them: 'You're fired'On Thanksgiving, President Donald Trump jokingly said to the media gathered at his Mar-a-Lago resort, "You're fired."

Trump was speaking to members of the military via teleconference.



President Donald Trump wished the media a Happy Thanksgiving on Thursday and then joked he was firing them.

While he was speaking to the military via teleconference on Thanksgiving, Trump noted how he was "surrounded by reporters and press" and wanted to ask them to leave so that he could have confidential conversations with overseas military members.

"I will say: 'You're fired,'" he said, recycling his catch phrase from his reality TV show "The Apprentice." "And, by the way, media: Happy Thanksgiving."

Trump is spending Thanksgiving at his Palm Beach, Florida resort, Mar-a-Lago. He reportedly went golfing on Wednesday and spoke to members of the military Thursday morning. He also visited a Coast Guard station and passed out sandwiches.

At the Coast Guard station, a reporter asked Trump what he was thankful for. She was immediately reprimanded by a member of the communications staff, according to a press pool report.

After talking to the military, Trump went to his Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach.http://www.businessinsider.com/ap-the-latest-trump-salutes-military-progress-2017-11Trump congratulates troops on military progress and touts stock market performance: 'You're fighting for something real'President Donald Trump has expressed Thanksgiving Day gratitude to members of the armed forces and assured them that they would return to a healthier economy when they come home.

He spoke with them via conference call from his private club in Palm Beach, Florida. He says they're "very, very special people" to him and everyone else in the country.

Trump tweeted before the call that he'd be speaking to soldiers in Afghanistan, Iraq, on the USS Monterey, and in Turkey and Bahrain.

He says everyone has been talking about the progress that has been made in Afghanistan in recent months.

"We opened it up, we said go ahead, we're going to fight to win," Trump said. "We're not fighting anymore to just walk around, we're fighting to win, and you people are really, you've turned it around over the last three to four months like nobody's seen, and they are talking about it, so thank you very much. Brave, incredible fighters."

Trump also touted the progress the military has made against the terrorist group ISIS in the Middle East, which has lost much of its territory in recent months.

"They say we've made more progress against ISIS than they did in years of the previous administration," he said. "And that's because I'm letting you do your job. You're performing more than 1,000 missions over the skies of Iraq and Syria in the last four months."

Trump later pivoted to talk about the progress he's making on the economy.

"We're doing well at home. The economy is doing really great," he said. "When you come back, you are going to see with the jobs and companies coming back into our country and the stock market just hit a record high. Unemployment is the lowest it's been in 17 years. So you're fighting for something real, you're fighting for something good."http://www.businessinsider.com/ap-the-latest-argentine-sub-search-sound-might-be-of-explosion-2017-11The Argentine navy detected the sound of an explosion in its search for a missing submarineMAR DEL PLATA, Argentina (AP) — Argentina says a sound detected in the search for a missing submarine with 44 crew members aboard is consistent with a non-nuclear explosion.

Navy spokesman Enrique Balbi said Thursday that the relatives of the crew have been informed and that the search will continue until there is full certainty about the fate of the ARA San Juan.

Ships and planes have returned to a search area to check on the noise that experts say could provide a clue to the vessel's location.

U.S. and specialist agencies say the "hydro-acoustic anomaly" was produced just hours after the navy lost contact with the submarine on Nov. 15.

Experts worry that if the ARA San Juan is intact but submerged, its crew might have only enough oxygen to last seven to 10 days.http://www.businessinsider.com/how-the-us-military-celebrates-thanksgiving-2017-11See how members of the US military celebrate Thanksgiving in warzonesFor America's troops, being deployed to a warzone is no excuse for missing out on Thanksgiving celebrations. Even when stationed in far off countries like Iraq and Afghanistan, America's military service members still get their turkey and stuffing. Soldiers take the day to relax, enjoy some food, and play football. For troops in Afghanistan, Thanksgiving dinner has been in the works for months. Food, as well as sparkling grape juice, is ordered and shipped up to four months in advance. Check out these photos of members of the US military celebrating one of America's biggest holidays while deployed around the world: View As: One Page Slides

Despite being deployed to warzones, large military bases will usually hold a Thanksgiving feast for the soldiers, such as this one in Camp Eggers, Kabul, Afghanistan in 2011.

Military personnel and civilian contractors are all treated to Thanksgiving buffets made by fellow servicemen.

Military bases are decorated to look more festive for the holiday, like this display at ISAF headquarters in Kabul, Afghanistan in 2014.

Some soldiers celebrate by decorating themselves. Here, US soldiers wear turkey-shaped hats as they attend Thanksgiving dinner at their base in Kabul, Afghanistan in 2013.

But soldiers still carry their weapons with them, just as they would any other day in a warzone.

Even at smaller combat outposts, Thanksgiving dinner is essential.

The Navy provides Thanksgiving turkey for crew members out at sea.

American troops are not the only ones who enjoy the Thanksgiving festivities. Georgian soldiers, part of NATO forces stationed in Afghanistan, join in on Thanksgiving dinner.http://www.businessinsider.com/study-trump-news-media-bias-negative-stories-2017-10This is how different media outlets covered Trump's first 100 days in officeA study released last month found that news coverage of President Donald Trump's first months in office differed significantly among outlets with right- and left-leaning audiences.

It also found that early news coverage of the Trump administration was much more negative than that of other modern presidencies.



A Pew Research Center study released last month found that news coverage of President Donald Trump's first months was significantly different among outlets with right-leaning audiences and those with left-leaning or ideologically diverse audiences.

Overall, Trump's early media coverage was much more negative than early coverage of other modern presidencies.

While Trump constantly admonishes the press, calling it "fake news" and "the enemy of the American people," and attacks individual reporters, some of his aides, including top counselor Kellyanne Conway, have focused their complaints on the preponderance of negative stories about the administration. Conway says the media provides "incomplete coverage" of Trump, failing to report on the more positive stories and choosing political over policy coverage.

"I think we need a full and free press in our nation, of course,” Conway said at conference last month. "But with that freedom comes responsibility. So my grievance is never about fake news. I talk about incomplete coverage."

The Pew study found that while news outlets — regardless of the political leanings of their audiences — largely reported on the same issues, and similarly focused on character and leadership rather than policy, during the first months of the Trump administration, they included different types of sources and assessed the president differently.

Overall, news stories concerning Trump's first 100 days were four times more likely to provide a negative assessment than a positive one, making his coverage far more negative than that of his predecessors.

Just 5% of media coverage of Trump's first 60 days was positive, compared to 42% of President Barack Obama's coverage, 22% of President George W. Bush's coverage, and 27% of stories about President Bill Clinton.

Pew also found discrepancies between outlets with right-leaning audiences versus those with left-leaning or ideologically diverse audiences. Those with more conservative readers and viewers were less likely to cite multiple types of sources, included more positive and fewer negative assessments of Trump, and their reporters were less likely to challenge an assertion made by the president or the administration.

The vast majority of stories from other outlets cited multiple source types, including experts, administration officials, and lawmakers, and were double as likely to include comments from both Democratic and Republican members of Congress.

The study assessed more than 3,000 television, radio, and web stories from 24 outlets over the course of Trump's first 100 days in office.

A full list of outlets included in the study can be found here.http://www.businessinsider.com/labour-mp-ivan-lewis-suspended-over-sexual-harassment-allegations-2017-11Labour MP Ivan Lewis suspended over sexual harassment allegationsIvan Lewis becomes the latest senior Labour figure to be suspended following sexual harassment allegations.

The MP for Bury South was accused of repeatedly touching a woman's leg and inviting back to her house when she was 19-years-old.

LONDON — The Labour Party has suspended MP Ivan Lewis and launched an investigation into allegations of sexual harassment made against him.

A woman has accused the MP for Bury South of repeatedly touching her leg at a fundraising event and inviting back to his home in 2010, when she was aged 19, BuzzFeed reported.

The woman confirmed last week that she had made an official complaint to the party. The BuzzFeed report added that several other women have reported feeling harassed by Lewis in the past.

Lewis, who served as International Development minister under former Prime Minister Gordon Brown, last month denied the 2010 allegation but accepted his behaviour to female colleagues in the past had been "unwelcome."

In a statement given to BuzzFeed, Lewis said he had "good professional relationships and enduring friendships with virtually all my female colleagues." However, he added:

"I understand that a few women have claimed that my behaviour made them feel uncomfortable. I have on occasion asked women I work with out for drinks or dinner, or developed strong feelings for them, and I am genuinely sorry if this was unwelcome or inappropriate in the circumstances, and caused anyone to feel awkward."

The Labour MP has denied ever making "non-consensual sexual comments or sexual advances to women."

It is not clear whether it is the 2010 allegation which has resulted in the party's decision to suspend Lewis. He has also stepped down from his position as the joint lead for homelessness under Greater Manchester mayor Andy Burnham.

A Labour Party spokesperson said: "The Labour Party takes all allegations of sexual harassment extremely seriously. Ivan Lewis is currently suspended from the Labour Party pending an investigation."

Other Labour figures accused

Lewis, who was also at one stage a member of Ed Miliband's shadow cabinet, is the second Labour MP to be suspended following the emergence of sexual misconduct claims in Westminster.

Earlier this month Kelvin Hopkins MP was suspended following allegations that he sent inappropriate text messages to a young woman and rubbed himself up against her at a political event in 2013.

Jeremy Corbyn's aide David Prescott has also been suspended from his role in the Labour leader's office following undisclosed allegations.http://www.businessinsider.com/leaked-document-reveals-eus-scathing-view-of-uks-unimpressive-politicians-2017-11Leaked document reveals the EU's scathing assessment of Britain's 'unimpressive' politiciansA leaked report quotes EU officials as saying the government is in "chaos" over Brexit.

Senior EU figures view Britain's leading politicians as "unimpressive" and low quality.

Irish government paper notes that Brexit Secretary David Davis had a meeting with the French European affairs minister without mentioning Brexit once.

Prime minister's spokesperson says the government is working hard on Brexit.



LONDON — A leaked document has revealed the scathing view of senior EU figures about leading politicians in Theresa May's government

The internal paper by the Irish government's Department of Foreign Affairs documents scathing assessments of British ministers and EU figures bemoaning "political confusion" in the government contributing to the slow progress of Brexit talks.

One senior official said they were alarmed by "chaos in the Conservative government," as ministers argue over the correct course to take as the UK leaves the EU, Irish broadcaster RTÉ reported.

According to the leaked paper, officials were amazed that Brexit Secretary David Davis had barely mentioned Brexit during a meeting with the French ministers for defence and European Affairs.

This surprised the French ministers, who thought Davis would use the meeting as an opportunity to try and smooth French resistance to negotiations advancing to the next stage.

The Czech Republic's Deputy Minister for Foreign Affairs Jakub Dürr told Irish officials "he felt sorry for British Ambassadors around the EU trying to communicate a coherent message when there is political confusion at home."

In a separate meeting, a minister in the Czech government described Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson as "unimpressive" but said that at least he had "avoided any gaffes" during a visit to the country in September.

The report is based on a series of meetings between Irish ambassadors and officials with government officials in ten EU countries and Japan.

It quotes Ian Forrester, the British judge in the European Court of Justice, bemoaning "the quality of politicians in Westminster."

According to the paper, Forrester went on to wonder whether the British public would view Brexit as "a great mistake" when they realised the reality of what leaving the EU meant for the UK.

The comments will be a worry to Theresa May, as she attempts to break the deadlock in Brexit talks before a crucial European Council summit next month.

EU heads of state will use the meeting to decide if "sufficient progress" has been made on three key issues to allow negotiations to move onto the next stage.

Last week Taoiseach Leo Varadkar said that Brexit talks are not even close to progressing to the next stage.

The prime minister's spokesperson told Business Insider: "I don't comment on leaked documents but more broadly the government is working hard on preparations for Brexit. You can see that work is ongoing. There are ongoing preparations for all eventualities as spelled out by the chancellor yesterday. On Ireland, I would reiterate there is a good and constructive working relationship with the Prime Minister and the Taoiseach.

"I have not seen the document and I will never comment on leaked documents."

Liberal Democrat MP and Brexit spokesperson told MPs on Thursday that the report painted a "rather unflattering picture of the UK government’s negotiating skills," and asked Leader of the House Andrea Leadsom for a debate on the government's incompetence.

In response, Leadsom told Brake to "stop talking the country down" and said: "We are extremely optimistic about the prospects for the UK as we leave the EU and his constant pessimism is not helping."http://www.businessinsider.com/john-mcdonnell-struggles-to-explain-labour-borrowing-plans-2017-11John McDonnell says 'that's why we have iPads' after failing to explain Labour's borrowing plansLabour's John McDonnell was pressed on his own spending plans while responding to the government's latest.

The BBC asked him to spell out the precise cost of Labour's infrastructure plans.

He said it was a "trite question" which "iPads and advisors" can answer.



LONDON — Shadow Chancellor John McDonnell couldn't to provide figures for Labour's borrowing plans when pressed during an interview, but insisted that "iPads and advisers" do that job for him.

McDonnell was asked by Mishal Husain, a presenter on Radio 4's "Today" programme, to explain exactly how much his plan to borrow money to invest in infrastructure would cost.

The MP for Hayes and Harlington was unable to provide exact numbers and accused Husain of asking him a "trite" question.

"The type of journalism where you go into an interview and they ask you a question on a particular figure is a trite form of journalism," McDonnell said. "It’s why we have iPads and advisors."

He later added that his investment plan "would pay for itself" because it would lead to economic growth.

"What we would do is ensure that day-to-day spending was not paid for by borrowing. It will be paid for through our tax system, and that means stop the tax giveaway to the rich and the corporations," he said.

"That we would only invest for our infrastructure and that investment would pay for itself on the basis of the growth that we would achieve on those. And that’s a one-to-one return.

"Because, immediately that infrastructure puts more people back into work, they pay their taxes and as a result of that you are able to cover your costs."

McDonnell has this week done a number of media interviews in response to the government's budget plans, which were announced by Chancellor Philip Hammond on Wednesday.

The shadow chancellor endured a difficult interview with the BBC's Andrew Neil on Wednesday night when he failed to provide a figure for how much the UK spends paying interest on the national debt.

"I know the figure but I haven’t got it in front of me," he told Neil.http://www.businessinsider.com/r-south-korea-considers-scrapping-exercise-with-us-for-olympics-yonhap-2017-11South Korea considers scrapping a military exercise with U.S. for Winter OlympicsA report from Yonhap news agency suggests that South Korea might cancel a regular military drill with the US next year.

It has been suggested that the drill could incite aggression from the North during the winter Olympics being held in the South.

The Blue House presidential office has yet to make an official decision yet.



SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea is considering scrapping a regular military exercise with U.S. forces next year to minimize the risk of an aggressive North Korean reaction during the Winter Olympics in the South, the Yonhap news agency reported on Thursday.

North Korea denounces regular military exercises between South Korean and U.S. forces as preparations to invade it, and it has at times conducted missile tests or taken other aggressive action in response.

The Winter Olympics will be held in South Korea from Feb. 9 to Feb. 25, with the Paralympics on March 8-18.

The South's Yonhap news agency, citing an unidentified South Korean presidential office official, said the option of scrapping the exercise had been considered for "a very long time".

The Blue House presidential office said in a statement no decision has been made on the exercise. Officials at the defense ministry declined to comment.

The South Korean and U.S. militaries usually hold a military exercise in March and April called Key Resolve and Foal Eagle, which involves about 17,000 U.S. troops and more than 300,000 South Koreans.

South Korea is hopeful that North Korean participation in the games could help improve their fraught relations. The South has said any North Korean athletes who are eligible for the competition would be welcome.

A North Korean figure skating pair has qualified to compete but their participation has not been confirmed.

Tension on the Korean peninsula has been high for the past year with North Korea developing its nuclear weapons and missiles in defiance of international condemnation and U.N. sanctions.

While North Korea has not conducted any tests over the past two months, it has repeatedly vowed to never give up the weapons it deems it needs to protect itself against what it sees as U.S. aggression.http://www.businessinsider.com/the-uk-is-on-course-for-longest-fall-in-living-standards-since-records-began-2017-11The UK is on course for longest fall in living standards since records beganStark new report shows the UK faces the lowest productivity growth since 1812.

Resolution Foundation Budget analysis shows Britain is on course for the longest period of falling living standards since the 1950s.

Treasury analysis finds poorest households will be hit hardest by long-term policy.



LONDON — The United Kingdom is on course for its longest period of falling living standards since records began in the 1950s, analysis published following the Budget has found.

The report published by the Resolution Foundation titled "Freshly Squeezed" says that there is a "bleak outlook" for Britain's families, as living standards fall for the longest period ever documented.

The analysis shows that average wages will not return to their 2007 peak until 2025, three years later than was forecast in the Budget in March of this year.

The think tank also found that the Office of Budget Responsibility handed Philip Hammond the biggest downgrade to productivity forecasts since its creation in 2010, as the OBR slashed its growth forecasts for the UK economy as well.

The chancellor announced that GDP growth forecasts had been revised down every year until 2021, including from 2% to 1.5% in 2017, partly due to waning productivity but also due to uncertainty over Brexit.

The report shows that productivity growth will be at just 0.1% by the end of 2017, which would make this the worst decade for productivity growth since 1812 when Britain was in the midst of the Napoleonic Wars.

Torsten Bell, the director of the Resolution Foundation said: "Following years of incremental changes, yesterday the OBR handed down the mother of all economic downgrades pushing up borrowing for the Treasury.

“While Philip Hammond chose to take a relaxed approach to additional borrowing, families are unlikely to do so when it comes to the deeply troubling outlook for their living standards that the Budget numbers set out.

"Families are now projected to be in the early stages of the longest period of continuous falls in disposable incomes in over 60 years – longer even than that following the financial crisis."

Real household disposable incomes are set to fall for an unprecedented 19 successive quarters between 2015 and 2020, according to the foundation.

The report also criticised the government's announcement that stamp duty would be abolished for first time buyers on houses up to £300,000, suggesting that the £3 billion cost of the measure could have supported the building of 40,000 social rented properties or 140,000 homes through the Housing Infrastructure Fund.

The foundation's analysis shows that the policy is set to cost £160,000 for every new homeowner created, which would have been sufficient to buy people typically priced properties in over a quarter of English and Welsh local authorities.

Bell said: "On the substance of the Budget the Chancellor has made the right call in boosting housing investment and focusing on this key issue of intergenerational concern. However, yesterday’s stamp duty rabbit is in reality a very poor way to boost home ownership. Its £3bn cost could have been better spent building 140,000 new homes through the government’s own Housing Investment Fund.

“Faced with a grim economic backdrop the Chancellor will see this Budget as a political success. But that would be cold comfort for Britain’s families given the bleak outlook it paints for their living standards."

Budget will hit poorer households harder in long-term

Analysis from the Treasury shows that the budget will have a harder long-term impact on the poorest households the most, through changes to tax, welfare and public spending.

The government's own household impact assessment documents show that those in the bottom income brackets will be affected the most by policy changes, as well as those at the very top. Both groups will lose nearly 2% of their net incomes by 2019/20.

Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn told HuffPost that Hammond was "revising people’s wages and living standards down."

He said: "The poorest tenth of households will lose about 10% of their income by 2022, while the richest will lose just 1%.

"So much for ‘tackling burning injustices’. This government is tossing fuel on the fire."http://www.businessinsider.com/gibraltar-faces-the-existential-threat-of-a-hard-brexit-with-no-transition-deal-2017-11Gibraltar faces the 'existential threat' of a hard Brexit with no transition dealBritish Brexit negotiators have made no proposal on the status of Gibraltar once Britain has left the European Union, according to reports.

The British overseas territory faces the "existential threat" crashing out of the single market and being excluded from a transition deal.

LONDON — Gibraltar is reportedly facing the "existential threat" of crashing out of the single market in March 2019 and not being included in any transition deal between Britain and the European Union that follows.

A source within Spanish government has told the Guardian that the UK is yet to make a proposal to EU negotiators on what the status of the British overseas territory should be after Britain leaves the EU.

Gibraltar is on the southern coast of Spain with a population of around 30,000. It has been a British territory for over three centuries and voted overwhelmingly to stay in the European Union, with 96% of voters backing Remain.

However, to the UK's surprise, the EU's negotiating guidelines published earlier this year backed Spain in the long-standing dispute over the Rock, insisting it would be outside any future trade arrangement unless an agreement is reached between London and Madrid. This includes any transition deal, the Spanish government source claimed.

"I think the situation with Gibraltar is crystal clear,” the source cited by the Guardian said.

"Gibraltar became associated with the EU project because of their dependence in the UK. This is going to stay until March 2019. In 2019 when the UK leaves the EU, Gibraltar will leave with the UK."

"This is what we are telling the Gibraltarians. If you want to have your existing status, you will have to talk with us. And I cannot understand why Picardo has refused to do so. I think in the past he has played very hard on the other side. But reality arrives."

Gibraltar's Prime Minister, Fabian Picardo, has previously claimed that a hard Brexit — ie leaving the single market with no transitional apparatus in place — would pose an "existential threat" to the territory because of its economic dependency on Britain's membership of the EU's internal market.

Prime Minister Theresa May has vowed to secure a Brexit deal that "works for Gibraltar as well as the United Kingdom" amid concerns that she'd be prepared to sacrifice Britain's control over the territory to secure favourable trade arrangements with the EU.

The overwhelming majority of Gibraltans want to remain controlled by Britain. Spain is yet to fully abandon its hope of regaining at least some control over the territory which it lost to British-Dutch forces in the early 18th century.

Speaking after the June Brexit vote, Spain's former foreign minister Jose Manuel Garcia-Margallo said he hoped that to seeing the "Spanish flag on the rock [Gilbraltar]" was "much closer" to becoming reality.

Both the British and Gibraltar governments have consistently rejected both the possibility of Gibraltar being shared between Britain and Spain and the unlikelier prospect of it returning to total Spanish control.http://www.businessinsider.com/germany-merkel-coalition-talks-political-chaos-britain-brexit-2017-11Why political chaos in Germany will not hand Britain a Brexit advantageGerman political instability will not give the UK any advantage on Brexit.

Experts tell Business Insider the political turmoil in Berlin will no "have any major impact on Brexit.

Brexit is not a "big issue" in Germany.



LONDON — Talks about forming a coalition government in Germany collapsed on Sunday, causing political instability in the most powerful country in the European Union.

The unprecedented failure of coalition talks has meant that another election could occur in January, four months after the country last went to the polls. On Monday Chancellor Angela Merkel said she would prefer to hold new elections to leading a minority government.

The development has led some prominent Brexit-supporting Conservative MPs to push UK prime minister Theresa May to "take advantage" of the situation and Merkel's weakness to suspend plans to increase the UK's offer for the divorce bill after Brexit.

Backbench Conservative MP Jacob Rees-Mogg told The Times it would be "foolish" to approve a higher financial settlement for the EU, and former Tory leader Ian Duncan Smith urged the government to "sit tight" as the situation had tipped Brexit negotiation into chaos.

However, experts on German politics have told Business Insider that British politicians have vastly overestimated the significance of Brexit in German politics.

Dr Charlotte Galpin of the University of Birmingham said: "I wouldn't expect this to have any major impact on Brexit... Brexit has always been very low down on German politicians' list of priorities."

Dr Hartwig Pautz of the University of West Scotland told BI: "I don't think Brexit is seen to be a big issue in Germany – the decision has been taken, after all."

Galpin said: "I would see it as irrelevant. Germany does still have a government, and this idea of a crisis in Germany is being overstated in the UK press.

"I'm not sure I see any scope for change on something like the so-called divorce bill. From a German point of view, it's about the UK paying its commitments and the responsibilities it has already made to contribute to the EU budget. So there's a very different conception in Germany of what this divorce bill conflict is all about."

The former German ambassador to the UK told the Independent that instability in Berlin is "bad news for Britain," not a situation to take advantage of.

Thomas Matussek said: "I think the German instability is bad news for Britain, it’s bad news for Europe but, most of all it is bad news for the Germans ... You have a normally loud and constructive voice which has been silenced. You have a country that is looking inward and is self-absorbed.

No concessions from Germany

The UK should also not expect Germany to make concessions whether it has a stable government or not, but the current situation makes German Brexit interventions all the more unlikely.

Pautz, a co-convenor of the German Politics Specialist Group at the Political Studies Association said: "The German government is a caretaker government so they won't be willing to make significant moves on the European stage.

"Convention has it that caretaker governments should not make decisions that limit what the next legitimate government can do."

Galpin told BI: "All of the mainstream parties in Germany are more or less united on their approach to Brexit in that the guiding principle is unity amongst the EU27 and that there should be no cherry-picking of what country's like about the EU.

"With the latest developments I would expect that still remains the case, but perhaps it would be even less likely that the UK government might get concessions from Germany."

Pautz made it clear that Germans do not understand why Brexit is happening so slowly and why talks do not advance. He said: "The political class looks at Britain with some sort of bewilderment – about both the decision itself and about why progress in the negotiations doesn’t happen. People think they're playing party politics on the back of the EU.http://www.businessinsider.com/why-are-asylum-seekers-refugees-near-australia-manus-island-2017-11Why asylum seekers are still in an Australian detention center, even after Australia abandoned itAsylum seekers and refugees have allegedly been stabbed, beaten and robbed in Papua New Guinea, where they are being forced to leave a former detention center they've lived in for years.

Australia established the offshore processing center to discourage asylum seekers from taking dangerous boat trips, but officials have been forced to leave due to local laws.

The remaining men are scared for their lives and have few options.



More than 400 asylum seekers and refugees still lived in a former Australian detention center in Papua New Guinea when it was stormed by local police on Thursday.

The refugees have been urged to move to other centers but are worried for their safety. Instead, many have chosen to remain at the center they have been forced to live in for years.

In September, Human Rights Watch reported that several men who had left the center had been "stabbed, beaten, and robbed." Some men were too scared to leave the center to even talk to people representing Human Rights Watch.

In 2012, Australia recommenced offshore processing of asylum seekers who arrived by boat, to dissuade human traffickers and prevent hundreds from drowning at sea, and promised to never settle them in Australia.

Detainees were split between centers on Manus Island in Papua New Guinea and the country of Nauru. But last month, Australian officials left the Manus Island regional processing center, after the Papua New Guinea Supreme Court found the facility illegal in a 2016 ruling.

The center closed on October 31 and officials urged a small number of refugees to "apply" for a transfer to the detention center in Nauru and for the remaining men to return home or move to one of three transit centers near Lorengau, the main town on Manus Island, only one of which is reported to have medical facilities.

Because of attacks, and despite them, asylum seekers feel safer where they are

After reports of locals with machetes looting the center and attacking refugees on the island, many residents felt it was safer to stay where they are — even though food, water, and electricity are no longer provided.

"The police already, they beat some of the refugees and the local people. They attack the refugees and rob them. This place is not a safe place," Behrouz Boochani‏, a journalist and asylum seeker on Manus Island who was reportedly arrested on Thursday, recently told the ABC.

Visiting Manus Island in September, Human Rights Watch reported nearly every refugee and asylum seeker who was interviewed had experienced or witnessed violence.

The men reported having knives put to their throats, slashed wrists, fractured skulls and even being arrested for disturbing locals after being attacked. Assailants used knives, machetes, sticks, screwdrivers, and sometimes threw rocks.

In 2014, locals attacked the center and killed one refugee, and injured 51. And earlier this year drunk soldiers from Papua New Guinea's Defence Forces rammed the center and fired more than 100 shots, including from an M-16 assault rifle, into the center. The men feared for their lives.

Now locals are also angry that there was no consultation regarding the centers that were built in residential areas.

According to the Australian Associated Press, the Governor of Manus Island said locals fear they too will be in danger, so they have armed themselves with knives and other weapons as a precaution.

Few options on the outside

After promising to never resettle asylum seekers who arrive by boat in Australia, the federal government approached 30 countries to create a third country arrangement. Only three — the US, New Zealand and Cambodia — have offered resettlement.

However, far fewer people have been relocated than hoped.

Despite a $AU55 million ($42 million US) deal, Cambodia resettled only a handful of refugees and a top government official admitted the country doesn't have appropriate social programs to support them.

New Zealand recently offered to accept a number of refugees, but Australia's Immigration Minister said such a deal would "start the boats."

The US was expected to take up to 1,250 refugees under an Obama-era agreement. However, when President Donald Trump came into office, he called the deal "dumb."

So far, the US has agreed to resettle 54 refugees, but those on Manus Island are yet to be relocated.http://www.businessinsider.com/police-storm-manus-asylum-seekers-australia-2017-11Police storm detention center off of Australia where asylum seekers took shelter for nearly a monthPapua New Guinea authorities moved into a former Australian detention center that is now housing more than 400 asylum seekers and refugees.

The men were reportedly given an hour to leave the center, which officially closed on October 31.

Some men say they have been beaten, with their property damaged.



SYDNEY — Papua New Guinea authorities moved into the former Manus Island detention center early Thursday morning, three weeks after the center was closed by the government, in a bid to move on about 400 men who remained on-site despite the power and water being cut off.

The Iranian-Kurdish refugee and journalist Behrouz Boochani was among several refugees tweeting from the center as the operation got underway.

He says police and immigration officers entered the camp shortly before 7 a.m. shouting that people had an hour to leave. Some of the detainees climbed onto the roof of one of the buildings. Others claimed the authorities were being aggressive and threatening, but the PNG police told Fairfax Media that they would not be using force to evict the refugees.

One of the men, however, said people were being beaten and forced onto buses by police and immigration.

They are beating guys, and putting them by force on buses and trucks.

They have big big rods and sticks in hands. Police and Immigration both are doing it together #ManusSOS — Walid Zazai (@ZazaiWalid) November 23, 2017

Boochani claimed an Australian Federal Police officer was guiding about 50 PNG mobile squad police officers, but the AFP subsequently said that "it has no member within the former Manus Regional Processing Centre and no involvement in Thursday's actions" and that "an AFP liaison officer is in Manus Province working in an advisory and mentoring capacity to the RPNGC on policing matters."

The police, special forces, police squad are now in their hundreds, spreading through the prison camp and around the prison. Navy soldiers are outside the prison camp. We are on high alert right now. We are under attack. — Behrouz Boochani (@BehrouzBoochani) November 22, 2017

We are blockading right now. So many police and immigration officers are around us at this moment. They destroyed everything and our belongings and right now are shouting at us to leave the prison camp. I am tweeting from a toilet right now. — Behrouz Boochani (@BehrouzBoochani) November 22, 2017

A fellow detainee, Walid Zazai, subsequently tweeted a photo he said shows Boochani being arrested and taken away.

Australia's immigration minister, Peter Dutton, told the Sydney radio station 2GB the government was "very keen" for people to leave the center.

"I think it's outrageous that people are still there and they have trashed the facility, they are living in squalor, and the Australian taxpayers have paid about $10 million for a new facility and we want people to move," he said.

The PNG government closed the center, which had reopened in 2012 under a deal with the former Australian Labor government to process asylum seekers who attempted to reach Australia by boat, on October 31 this year following a PNG Supreme Court ruling that it was illegal and in breach of the country's constitution.

The center has been without power and water since it was decommissioned, and about 380 of the 600 men there when it closed have refused to leave. This week the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees said a humanitarian crisis was developing as a result and called on the Australian government to accept responsibility and act.

The UNHCR said the $10 million facility referred to by Dutton was not ready to accept the detainees.

The Australian government says the way refugees and asylum seekers are dealt with on Manus is an issue for PNG.

On Thursday morning, some refugees said that they had been beaten and that authorities were destroying their rooms and property.

They are beating us and trowing stone on us pic.twitter.com/2n2BAMVkfy — Kaleem (@Manusisland) November 22, 2017

They destroying all our property.

They are so angry, and telling us leave our land

First they said move to town,now more angry and telling us leave our land otherwise we will kill u.

Police commissioner Yapu said: It's an Order from Australian and PNG governments to move u out pic.twitter.com/uyA7p4wcsI — Walid Zazai (@ZazaiWalid) November 22, 2017

Police and IMMIGRATION throwing our property away. https://t.co/K29vkUBZsI — Walid Zazai (@ZazaiWalid) November 22, 2017

The PNG police have denied destroying belongings but say they have emptied rainwater tanks on-site over concerns about disease.

New Zealand has offered to take some of the refugees from Manus, but the Australian government refused the offer, with Dutton arguing it would encourage smugglers.

Australia made a deal with the Obama administration for the US to accept genuine refugees from Manus Island and Nauru. So far, 54 have been resettled while another 500 await assessment of their status.

On Thursday, 12 former Australians of the Year published an open letter to Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull calling on the government to act over the "human disaster" at the center.

"We should not withhold water from people, nor withhold food; we should not leave seriously ill people to die without medication and treatment," they wrote.

"We are also concerned about Australia's international reputation in human rights. It seems that both our major political parties have failed to meet their most basic obligations under the United Nations Refugee Convention, one that our country helped to negotiate and which we signed in 1951."

The signatories to the letter are Ita Buttrose, Rosie Batty, Simon McKeon, Patrick McGorry, Mick Dodson, Tim Flannery, Fiona Wood, Fiona Stanley, Gustav Nossal, Peter Doherty, John Yu, and Robert de Castella.

While the detainees occupying the center had been active on social media posting photos and video, several hours on, Zazai claims the group was surrounded and anyone caught filming was being beaten.

We can't take pictures or video.

Whole area surrounded by them.

When they see anyone filming they catch him, beat him and take him. #SaveUS#ManusSOS — Walid Zazai (@ZazaiWalid) November 23, 2017

Labor's shadow immigration spokesman, Shayne Neumann, said the prime minister had a "moral obligation" to guarantee the ongoing safety and security of the detainees.

"It's time Turnbull showed some leadership and immediately secured other third-country resettlement options for eligible refugees, including accepting New Zealand's offer and negotiating appropriate conditions," he said.

Dutton, the immigration minister, said the men would not come to Australia.

Turnbull said that the refugees should obey the law and authorities and move but that the government "will not be pressured" into accepting them.

"Our border security, the integrity of our borders, is maintained by my government and we will not outsource our migration policy to people smugglers," he said.http://www.businessinsider.com/al-franken-new-accusers-sexual-misconduct-2017-112 new women accuse Al Franken of sexual misconductAllegations against Sen. Al Franken of Minnesota and Rep. John Conyers of Michigan are part of the newest chapter in the hot-potato politics of sexual predation for the party, which has its own fraught history on the subject.

The latest revelations have prompted a hard look back at the way Democrats and their allies once circled the wagons around President Bill Clinton, dismissing allegations that extended to serious assault as mere dalliances or the tales of "looney" women.

In her 2016 presidential campaign, Hillary Clinton drew a clear line on behalf of women who allege sexual assault, saying flatly: "You have the right to be believed." But she equivocated when asked if her husband's accusers from another decade should be believed, too: "I would say that everybody should be believed at first until they are disbelieved based on evidence."

The pressure's on now to act without equivocation.

Franken's prankish photo of his hands over a napping woman's breasts on a military plane, combined with her allegations that he kissed her forcibly on another occasion, prompted swift condemnation from throughout the party's ranks and inspired calls for an ethics investigation that the senator-in-hiding supported, too. Then a second woman came forward, alleging Franken grabbed her buttocks during a photo op at a state fair.

The women spoke on condition of anonymity. Franken said in a statement, "It's difficult to respond to anonymous accusers, and I don't remember those campaign events."

On Monday, BuzzFeed published affidavits from former employees of Conyers who said they saw the Democrat inappropriately touching women who worked for him and asking them for sexual favors.

It reported that his office paid more than $27,000 to a woman who alleged she was fired because she rejected his sexual advances. On Tuesday, Conyers denied he made that settlement — but his office later acknowledged it while still denying that the allegations were true. The House Ethics Committee has initiated an investigation.

Democrats, predictably, have spoken fiercely and with one voice against Roy Moore, the Republican Senate candidate in Alabama who is accused of disrobing a 14-year-old girl in his house when in his 30s.

Some Republicans have demanded Moore quit his candidacy "if" his accusers have told the truth about his approaching teenage girls. Others have concluded the accusations are more credible than his denials. But a few, like Alabama's GOP governor, have suggested that even if he did prey on a 14-year-old decades ago, the need to protect the Senate's Republican majority trumps such concerns. President Donald Trump repeatedly noted on Wednesday that Moore has denied the allegations and insisted that Alabama must not elect the Republican's "liberal" opponent in a Dec. 12 special election.

In this sexual misconduct frenzy , unmasking figures in entertainment, media, sports and politics (#MeToo on Twitter), all sorts of episodes on the spectrum of misbehavior are being lumped together, from the boorish and juvenile to the allegedly criminal.

Grabbing a woman's behind at the state fair isn't in the same league as molesting a child.

Still, the Democrats have a predicament.

"They don't want to look tolerant on this issue by saying, 'He wasn't as bad as so and so,'" said Dan Lublin, a political science professor at American University.

"They need to appear strong," he said, and not focus on gradations in misbehavior. "They're going with 'unacceptable.' And it is a dilemma, because you don't know how far that will go."

Kathleen Dolan, chair of the political science department at the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, said the party's history with this issue is important to remember.

"Certainly, Democrats, from an ideological perspective, and on gender egalitarianism, should be the party or people we'd expect to be taking the lead on awareness of the decades-old problem of sexual harassment and sexual assault," she said.

"That's complicated in part by the history of the party debate when Bill Clinton was in the thick of his stuff. ... There's evolution, because the Democrats could perhaps with some accuracy say in the '90s we tolerated so much of what we shouldn't have."

Indeed, Democratic Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand, whose Senate seat was once held by Hillary Clinton, now says she believes Bill Clinton should have resigned for his improprieties.

Only now there is movement to bring sexual misconduct out of the shadows in Congress, where people in both parties say it has been widespread.

Democratic Rep. Jackie Speier, who sponsored legislation to overhaul the system by which sexual complaints are made and settled on Capitol Hill, described Congress as "a breeding ground for a hostile work environment." Last month she shared her own story of being sexually assaulted by a high-level aide while she was a staffer.

In a stunning public hearing last week, Speier and Republican Rep. Barbara Comstock shared stories of current lawmakers harassing staff members. Comstock said she was told that an aide recently left her job after a congressman exposed himself to her. Support for mandatory sexual harassment training in Congress has received bipartisan support.

The Conyers allegations, made in a leaked settlement, lay bare the opaque nature of that process.

In order to file a complaint with the Office of Compliance, accusers must first enter into mediation, with a non-disclosure agreement attached, followed by a mandatory 30-day "cooling off" period. After completion, a victim may either file a formal complaint or a federal lawsuit. The process is so arduous that many victims either settle or decide against going through the reporting at all.

"My view of this law is that it is very stacked in favor of members and others accused of sexual harassment, to the detriment to someone who has suffered sexual harassment or other discrimination at the Capitol," said Debra Katz, a Washington employment and whistleblower attorney.

Kathleen Hall Jamieson, director of the Annenberg Public Policy Center at the University of Pennsylvania, sees a common thread in the response to very different allegations, dating back to Anita Hill's accusations against Clarence Thomas on his way to the Supreme Court. No matter the nature of allegations, she said, the reaction to them is driven more by political party than by the merits.http://www.businessinsider.com/john-conyers-new-accuser-melanie-sloan-2017-11Woman says she was called 'mentally unstable' after accusing Rep. John Conyers of abusive behaviorA former staffer who worked for Democratic Rep. John Conyers Jr. has come forward to accuse the top lawmaker of inappropriate and abusive behavior.

She alleged that she was once summoned by Conyers and found him half-dressed.

Her account follows other similar claims directed at Conyers.



For the first time, a former staff member of Democratic Rep. John Conyers Jr. of Michigan has publicly come forward to allege that the top lawmaker contributed to a hostile work environment, according to a Washington Post report published Wednesday.

Melanie Sloan, who served with Conyers from 1995 to 1998, alleged in the report that she was verbally abused by Conyers, who is now the ranking Democrat on the House Judiciary Committee. Within this time, Sloan said that she saw and experienced similar claims that were made public in recent days, after allegations of sexual misconduct began to emerge.

Sloan alleged that Conyers yelled at her and was critical of her appearance, according to The Post. She also said that at one point, she saw him in his underwear after she was summoned to his office, but said she did not believe she was sexually harassed.

"I was pretty taken aback to see my boss half-dressed," Sloan said told The Post. "I turned on my heel and I left."

Sloan said she repeatedly sought help from her supervisors, but was ignored, according to the newspaper.

"There was nothing I could do to stop it," she said. "I was dismissed and told I must be mentally unstable."

Conyers' attorney denied Sloan's allegations and told The Post that Conyers "has never done anything inappropriate to Melanie Sloan."

The House Ethics Committee launched an investigation Tuesday, following a BuzzFeed News report that said Conyers had settled a wrongful dismissal complaint with a former employee who alleged she was fired for refusing his "sexual advances."

Other reports soon emerged, including one employee who alleged Conyers had made inappropriate contact, such as "rubbing on her shoulders, kissing her forehead, making inappropriate comments, covering and attempting to hold her hand," the Post said.

Conyers reportedly denied settling the sexual harassment cases, but later confirmed he had, adding that he still "vehemently denied the allegations."http://www.businessinsider.com/scott-taylor-roy-moore-navy-seal-2017-11'If it was my daughter, I'd break his face': Republican lawmaker and former Navy SEAL unleashes on Roy MooreRepublican Rep. Scott Taylor of Virginia on Wednesday said he didn't "feel comfortable" with Roy Moore's response to allegations of sexual misconduct against him.

"The 14-year-old girl that was there, I can tell you right now if it was my daughter, I'd break his face, I'd break his fingers, and I'd probably do a lot worse," Taylor said.

Moore, the Republican nominee for a US Senate seat in Alabama, has denied the allegations.



Republican Rep. Scott Taylor of Virginia said he didn't "feel comfortable" with the response from Roy Moore, the Republican nominee for a US Senate seat in Alabama, to a string of sexual-misconduct allegations against him, including that he initiated a sexual encounter with a 14-year-old girl in 1979, when he was 32.

Speaking to CNN's John Berman on Wednesday, Taylor, a former US Navy SEAL, expressed skepticism about Moore's denials of the allegations.

"All I know is what I've seen," Taylor said. "I saw the man give his interview. Me personally, I don't think it was sufficient enough."

Taylor continued: "The 14-year-old girl that was there, I can tell you right now if it was my daughter, I'd break his face, I'd break his fingers, and I'd probably do a lot worse."

Since a November 9 Washington Post report detailed allegations that Moore pursued relationships with teenage girls when he was in his 30s and working in a district attorney's office, several other women have come forward with similar stories.

Moore's campaign has floated theories that the accusers may have been politically motivated. Moore has also said he doesn't remember dating any young women without their mothers' permission.

"If you are a liberal and hate Judge Moore, apparently he groped you," the campaign said in a statement to The Post last week. "If you are a conservative and love Judge Moore, you know these allegations are a political farce."

President Donald Trump on Tuesday hinted that he supported Moore when he told reporters, "We don't need a liberal person ... a Democrat" in that seat.

"He totally denies it," Trump added.

Trump had endorsed Sen. Luther Strange during the Republican Senate primary in Alabama, leaving many lawmakers wondering whether he would support Moore now.

"I think that the president has probably looked at raw politics, and the alternative, of course, would jeopardize his agenda in a very close Senate," Taylor said on Wednesday. "The people can have their feelings about that, whether he should do it or not ... but I certainly don't feel comfortable with [Moore's] explanation and everything that happened.

"I think you have to listen to the women," Taylor continued. "Clearly, this isn't an isolated case now."http://www.businessinsider.com/how-a-north-korea-soldier-defected-video-2017-11How a North Korean soldier crashed a vehicle, got shot 5 times, and dashed across the border to South KoreaThe American-led United Nations Command has released the much-anticipated footage of the defection of a Korean People's Army (KPA) soldier. The soldier made his move around 3 p.m. local time on November 13. The footage shows how the soldier drove at high speed to the Joint Security Area (JSA) at Panmunjom, crashed his vehicle, sprinted across the Military Demarcation Line (MDL) underfire, and was rescued by South Korean Army personnel after being shot at least four or five times. The footage also shows the exact moment a KPA soldier violated the six-decade old armistice agreement that has temporarily halted open hostilities between the North and the South. See the important moments here: View As: One Page Slides

The video begins with the KPA soldier driving a vehicle at a high rate of speed towards a bridge.

The vehicle passes a KPA checkpoint and drives over the bridge.

The vehicle passes the Kim Il Sung signature monument, which is where North Korean tours of the JSA begin.

The KPA soldier then turns and drives toward the MDL, presumably to drive across it and into South Korea.

The soldier unexpectedly hits an obstruction while underneath some trees (headlight slightly visible near the center), just feet away from the MDL.

As the vehicle runs into the obstruction, KPA guards start running towards the defector to try and stop him from crossing the MDL. The shot on the right is near the Kim Il Sung signature memorial, where the defector just drove through.

Realizing the vehicle cannot go any further, the defector makes a break for it and sprints towards the MDL.

Almost immediately after the defector gets out, four KPA soldiers (one is in a prone position underneath the second man from the right) begin shooting at him.

The soldier in the prone position is armed with an AK-47 rifle, while the other three soldiers are armed with pistols.

A side-by-side shot showing the defector on the South Korean side of the MDL, while KPA soldiers get into position to shoot at him

After the defector crosses the MDL, a KPA soldier momentarily gives chase and crosses the MDL before turning around. By crossing the MDL, the North Korean soldier likely violated the armistice agreement signed in 1953.

Three minutes after the defection, fourteen KPA soldiers, part of a reaction force, gather at the Kim Il Sung signature memorial

The defector, now wounded after being shot at least four times, lies against a retaining wall on the South Korean side of the MDL, still partially in view of the North Korean guards.

A thermal camera captures the heat signatures of the defector (circled) being retrieved by two South Korean non-commissioned officers (arrows). The officers, worried about possible sniper fire, had to crawl over to him, and drag him to safety.http://www.businessinsider.com/genocides-still-going-on-today-bosnia-2017-115 genocides that are still going on todayAfter a grueling, five-year trial, Ratko Mladić, the general of the Bosnian Serb Army during the Bosnian civil war in the '90s, was convicted of war crimes including genocide on Wednesday by a United Nations court at The Hague. He was sentenced to life in prison. He was also found responsible for the 1995 massacre of over 8,000 Muslim Bosniak men and boys in Srebrenica in Bosnia and Herzegovina, which is considered the worst atrocity committed in Europe since World War II. Many victims of the massacre are still being identified to this day. Even though Mladić is one of the most high-profile perpetrators of genocide convicted in recent years, genocides are by no means a thing of the past. Here are five genocides going on right now around the world: View As: One Page Slides

The Rohingya in Myanmar Perhaps the most high-profile genocide of recent years is that of the Rohingya, who live in Rakhine state in northwestern Myanmar. Unlike the majority of the Buddhist country, the Rohingya are Muslim, and have long suffered as second-class citizens in Myanmar because most people in the country believe they are illegal immigrants and "terrorists" from Bangladesh. US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson officially declared the Rohingya crisis a case of ethnic cleansing on Wednesday. So far, up to 3,000 people have been killed in Myanmar, and at least 270,000 have been displaced.

The Nuer and other ethnic groups in South Sudan South Sudan became the world's newest country in 2011, but since 2013, the country has been mired in a brutal civil war. Throughout the multifaceted conflict, South Sudan's President Salva Kiir, a member of the Dinka ethnic group, has been using his army to wage a campaign of genocide and ethnic cleansing against the Dinka's main rival ethnic group, the Nuer, as well as other smaller local groups. The Nuer have taken part in ethnic cleansing against the Dinka as well. The UK has branded these targeted killings and rapes as genocide. Although the Dinka-Nuer conflict has taken center stage in South Sudan, many smaller ethnic groups have also been implicated in the dizzying array of ethnic violence in the country.

Christians and Yazidis in Iraq and Syria As the terrorist group ISIS carved its caliphate out of war-torn Syria and Iraq in 2014 and 2015, it extended its reach over various non-Muslim communities and ethnic groups, including Yazidis and Shiites Iraq, as well as Assyrian Christians living in both Syria and Iraq. In brutal, genocidal campaigns in both countries, ISIS sought to systematically exterminate Yazidis, Shiites, and Christians and destroy their villages. They also carried out mass rapes in these communities. Although numbers remain hazy, thousands of people have been killed in these related genocides. As of this week, ISIS has officially been defeated territorially, but the effects of their genocides continue to wreak havoc on people in the region. Khider Domle, Yazidi researcher based in Dohuk, Iraq, says the secondary effects of the genocide are still very present in Yazidi communities in Iraq. "Our psychological, social and religious identity has been destroyed," Domle told Al Jazeera. "People are living all over the place, and they don't know what the future is. There have been no initiatives from the Iraqi government to help the displaced people return back to Sinjar; no national reconciliation process; no attempt to rebuild ruined infrastructure."

Christians and Muslims in the Central African Republic The Central African Republic, an African country wedged mainly between the Democratic Republic of the Congo, South Sudan, and Chad, has been embroiled in a civil war ever since 2013 when the country's Christian President François Bozizé was overthrown by a coalition of Muslim groups. While the war itself subsided in 2016, since then, ethnic tensions have rapidly mounted, and many observers fear a genocide may be taking place between the Christian militias called the "anti-Balaka" and the Muslim coalition. Stephen O'Brien, the head of the UN's humanitarian office, said genocide and ethnic cleansing have recently been on the rise in the country. "The escalation is very real," O’Brien said in a briefing, according to Newsweek. "We're looking at things which we haven't heard about for a long time. There's a very deep ethnic-cleansing approach."http://www.businessinsider.com/trump-wants-jared-kushner-and-ivanka-to-go-back-to-new-york-2017-11Trump reportedly wants Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump to go back to New YorkPresident Donald Trump wants Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to leave Washington, DC, and go back to New York, Vanity Fair reported.

The president is said to have become increasingly frustrated in recent months with political advice from Kushner, his son-in-law and senior adviser.

Kushner and Ivanka Trump are central figures in the Russia investigation, and Trump wants them to leave to avoid negative news coverage, according to the Vanity Fair report.



President Donald Trump wants his daughter Ivanka Trump and his son-in-law and senior adviser, Jared Kushner, to leave Washington, DC, and head back to New York, Vanity Fair reported on Tuesday.

The president reportedly advocates the move because he wants the couple to avoid negative news coverage.

"He keeps pressuring them to go," a source told Vanity Fair.

Kushner and Ivanka Trump are central figures in the special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation into Russia's interference in the 2016 election.

Mueller is reportedly investigating the president's role in crafting a misleading statement his son Donald Trump Jr. released after it emerged that he met with a Kremlin-connected lawyer at Trump Tower in June 2016. Mueller is also examining whether Trump attempted to obstruct justice by firing James Comey as FBI director in May.

Kushner attended the June 2016 meeting, and multiple news reports have said he strongly urged Trump to fire Comey.

Kushner was also with Trump in Bedminster, New Jersey, during a weekend in early May when Trump put together a draft letter laying out the reasons he wanted to fire Comey.

He never sent it — White House counsel Don McGahn had advised him against doing so — but he fired Comey days later, ultimately leading to Mueller's appointment as special counsel.

The Vanity Fair report also said that Trump was becoming frustrated with Kushner's political advice, including that Trump back Luther Strange in the runoff for the GOP nomination for a US Senate seat in Alabama.

Strange lost the nomination to Roy Moore, who is now in an increasingly competitive race against Democrat Doug Jones to fill the seat vacated by Attorney General Jeff Sessions.http://www.businessinsider.com/corbyn-attacks-tory-whip-andrew-griffiths-alleged-care-home-joke-2017-11Jeremy Corbyn angrily tears into Tory MP for allegedly joking he should be 'in a care home'Jeremy Corbyn angrily tore into a Conservative minister in the House of Commons on Wednesday following a jibe about his age by the MP.

The Labour leader was criticising the government over its new budget and social care for the elderly when Conservative Whip Andrew Griffiths made the remark — prompting a furious response from Corbyn.

One "senior Labour source" told The Mirror that Griffiths said "you should be in care," while another said the remark was "put you in a care home."

Griffiths denied this, instead telling the paper that he was responding to Corbyn's statement "there are elderly people in need of help," and that he said: "That's you!"

Corbyn angrily responded: "Over £6 billion will have been cut from social care budgets by next March.

"I hope the honourable member begins to understand what it’s like to wait for social care, stuck in a hospital bed, while other people are having to give up their work to care for them! The uncaring, uncouth attitude of certain members of parliament needs to be called out."

Corbyn's response was captured on video, below, though Griffith's remark itself can't be made out from the footage.http://www.businessinsider.com/jamie-dimon-trump-will-not-be-re-elected-2017-11Jamie Dimon thinks Trump is a one term PresidentJP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon expects to see a new U.S. president in 2021.

Dimon was speaking at a lunch in Chicago when he was asked how long President Trump will be in office.



CHICAGO — Jamie Dimon, chief executive officer of JPMorgan Chase, on Wednesday said he expects to see a new U.S. president in 2021 and advised Democrats to come up with a "pro-free enterprise" agenda for jobs and economic growth.

Asked at a luncheon hosted by The Economic Club of Chicago how many years President Donald Trump will be in office, Dimon said, "If I had to bet, I'd bet three and half. But the Democrats have to come up with a reasonable candidate... or Trump will win again."

Dimon, who in the past has described himself as "barely" a Democrat, has been going to Washington more often since the November election of Trump to lobby lawmakers on a range of business and economic issues, including changes in corporate taxes, immigration policies, and mortgage finance.

In December Dimon became chairman of the Business Roundtable, an association of CEOs who take their views to government policymakers.http://www.businessinsider.com/the-best-advice-i-ever-received-about-stress-came-from-my-9-year-old-2017-11The best advice I've ever received about stress came from my 9-year-oldAuthor Wanda Thibodeaux writes about a morning where she dreaded a car ride she had to take later in the day.

Her 9-year-old daughter piped up and said "If you just focus on what you need to, you'll be fine."

It made her realize that reducing worries and stress comes down to ignoring the 'what-ifs' and just focusing on what's in front of you at the moment.



The other morning, I confessed to my husband that I really, really didn't want to make a drive I would face later on. It would be rush hour on one of the busiest freeways in the Twin Cities, it would be dark and rainy and I'd have to somehow keep my two children from play-killing each other in the back seat. Not a totally huge deal, of course, but not a situation that would make me dance rainbows and smiley faces, either. And I despise driving in general for some reason, anyway.

Then my 9-year-old daughter, who'd been eavesdropping as she munched a pancake, piped up.

"You won't get better if you don't try, Mom. Basically what you're telling me is, you're freaking out because you think of all the worries. But if you just focus on what you need to, you'll be fine."

She elaborated, too. Worried about how many cars there are? Just focus on the ones in front of you and go straight. Worried about merging? Just take one entrance at a time. Anxious because of no sun? Think about what you can still see because of your headlights.

And she was so, so right.

Making mountains out of molehills

Worry and anxiety, unfortunately, is a lot in our own heads. We don't want to feel bad or experience loss, so we default to risk mitigation mode. We look at everything trying to identify what could go wrong to protect ourselves—life becomes an endless chain of what-ifs, especially at work where expectations are astronomically high.

What if I don't figure out this program?

What if the boss doesn't like this idea?

What if John or Jane isn't here to help with the project today?

What if I have to stay late?

What if I trip on the way to the podium?

What if my calculations for this proposal are off?

Some degree of self-protection is reasonable. But if you're lost in the what-ifs, you're not truly focusing on the process or solution. You perceive the situation as much more difficult than it is, because you see a million and one threats you have to prepare for, rather than the single series of steps you need to take in the moment.

Think about it. When Indiana Jones was escaping the ancient cave in "Raiders of the Lost Ark," he had to deal with rocks falling from overhead, a barrage of arrows, a betrayal, a gaping hole in his path, a closing door, a monstrous boulder, spiderwebs, armed natives working with his rival and, lastly, a snake in his plane he really didn't like. A lot went wrong. But did he have to deal with all of that at once? Nope. He tackled one problem at a time.

So why worry about that meeting at 2:00 p.m. if it's only 9:30 in the morning? You're not even there yet. It's not what's in front of you.

Clearly, we can't always avoid our "I-have-to-drive-in-rush-hour-in-the-dark" or "Raiders" moments. But we can choose what we look at when we're in them. Ask yourself "What do I need to do right now?" Just that. The rest is peanuts.

Read the original article on Inc.. Copyright 2017. Follow Inc. on Twitter.http://www.businessinsider.com/tim-ferriss-meditation-mindfulness-2017-11After interviewing 140 people at the top of their fields, Tim Ferriss realized almost all of them share the same habitFor his new book "Tribe of Mentors," bestselling author and star podcast host Tim Ferriss sent 11 questions to 140 people at the top of their fields.

He found that regardless of industry, the vast majority of respondents had a mindfulness or meditation practice.

He meditates every morning for 20 minutes and has found it's improved his emotional control.



Tim Ferriss has been on an especially introspective journey over the past year.

Continuing in the vein of his other work, he decided to share with his audience what he's learned along the way.

In the last 12 months, Ferriss had the 10-year anniversary of "The 4-Hour Workweek" (the book that made him famous), had a couple close friends die, gave a viral TED Talk largely about his struggle with depression, and turned 40.

As he told us for an episode of Business Insider's podcast "Success! How I Did It," compiling material for his new book "Tribe of Mentors" was as much for him as it was for his readers. After having 140 people at the top of their fields answer the same 11 questions, Ferriss was surprised by one finding.

"Despite the fact that these are people from tennis to surfing to cryptocurrency to fill-in-the-blank, like any field you can possibly imagine — some type of morning mindfulness or meditation practice would span I'd say 90% of the respondents."

There's no denying that "mindfulness" (a type of meditation) is a buzzword and meditation a trend in business right now, but that doesn't mean that you should write them off, Ferriss explained.

"Meditation has a branding problem," he said. "A lot of people would think of yoga instructors playing didgeridoos, swinging dream-catchers over their heads — and they wouldn't be entirely wrong in a lot of cases."

But at the heart of it, meditation is a simple practice that is about training the mind's control over its emotions.

"So meditation, or mindfulness practice, it's really about, to me, decreasing emotional reactivity so you can proactively create your day and create your life; versus, just being a walking reflex that sometimes screws up," Ferriss said.

He meditates every morning for 20 minutes, followed by a two-minute decompression period, using one of the styles he's learned: Transcendental Meditation (TM), Vipassana Meditation, or a guided meditation from the app Headspace. [Headspace sponsors Ferriss' podcast, but we can vouch for its effectiveness.]

The forms of meditation that have lately caught on in Wall Street and Silicon Valley are typically lightly secularized versions of ancient Hindu or Buddhist practices designed to create an inner peace through connection with God and creation.

The pure forms of these practices may scare away non-believers or practitioners of other faiths, but a major draw to the secular versions has been a large accumulation of scientific evidence that meditation has a tangible positive effect on the amygdala, the part of the brain responsible for emotions, fight or flight responses, and memory. The National Institutes of Health and the American Heart Association have both concluded that daily meditation can lower a patient's blood pressure and stress levels.

What's interesting is that there's very little difference between religious and secular meditation. For example, Headspace has guided visualization exercises in which the listener imagines a beam of light flowing through them and out to loved ones and strangers — that's identical to a Buddhist compassion exercise. In TM, meditators repeat a meaningless mantra in their mind with the aim of feeling a transcendence over their thoughts — a practicing Hindu would use a meaningful mantra to achieve the same feeling. The differences are simply presentation and the lens through which someone chooses to view their experience.

Regardless of how one chooses to meditate, there is proof that it's like a workout for building the skill of emotional control, and that in turn is a valuable skill to have when you're a high performer in any field.

As soon as he realized this, Ferriss said, "it reinforced the need for me ... to do the same."http://www.businessinsider.com/barbara-corcoran-the-corcoran-group-culture-2017-115 tricks Barbara Corcoran used to build a company where hardly anyone quitBarbara Corcoran is a real-estate mogul and a star investor on the ABC series "Shark Tank."

She said she ran her real-estate agency — The Corcoran Group — the way her parents ran her household.

Lessons from her mom and dad include eliminating complaints and making sure everyone had fun.

Barbara Corcoran says her mother was a "drill sergeant." It makes more sense when you find out that Corcoran was the second-oldest of 10 kids, nine of whom grew up to be entrepreneurs. Corcoran herself started real estate brokerage firm The Corcoran Group, which she sold for $66 million in 2001. In a conversation with Business Insider US Editor in Chief Alyson Shontell on the podcast "Success! How I Did It," Corcoran explained how she built a company with a strong culture and a high retention rate. To do it, she told Shontell, she used some lessons from her parents. "I really did a mimic of my mother in building my brokerage firm," Corcoran said. "I ran the firm exactly how my mother ran the house. We were super organized. We had a place for everything. And I can tell you the minute you have more than one or two people working for you, efficiency has a lot to do with building a big company." Corcoran broke down some of the other management strategies she borrowed from her parents for The Corcoran Group: Listen to the full episode here, or listen later with the buttons below: View As: One Page Slides

She recognized people's talents and moved them into positions around their strengths. Corcoran described her mother as "inspirational," and says the ability to inspire others and identify their strengths is "probably the more important gift" she got from her mom. "She would decide what your gift was, as a child," Corcoran said. "She would name one thing. For me, she said I had a wonderful imagination. And then she would cast you in that role in the family unit, which was like a small town." "And I am great at spotting the gift, and people I could interview — someone who's trying for a bookkeeping job and totally convince them they'd be a star salesman," Corcoran continued. "Which doesn't fit into their résumé, but it sure fit into them." She considers this quality, along with being hyper organized, to be the two most important factors in building her business.

She turned her employees into a 'happy family.' Corcoran explained why her company had such high retention rates: "I did what my mother did. I adored my children." (In this case, her children are her employees.) "I would do anything for them. I would kill for them. And I nurtured them and I loved them and I tried to give them as much freedom as I could. I pushed them forward, got them to believing they could do a lot more than they were doing. And they did! Because people don't really know what they're capable of. "And I made them love each other. I knew how to create teams where everybody got along and everybody respected the different attributes that people have and forgive the ones that were bugging them, you know?

She fired complainers as fast as possible before they could turn the culture toxic. There was, however, one type of employee Corcoran wouldn't tolerate on her team. "I learned how to get rid of complainers," she said. "Complain in my company, I couldn't wait till Friday to get you out, OK? So I felt like they were attacking my young."

She made sure everyone had fun — maybe a little too much fun. Corcoran said her dad taught her how to have fun, a skill she deployed often at the Corcoran Group. "My father had more fun with our family than anyone in town, even though we had no money to do it," she said. "So what I learned in my corporate 'culture,' if you want to call it — I wouldn't call it a culture; it was just a gathering of sorts — is I learned to make sure everybody was having fun. "We had bizarre ... probably today maybe illegal-type parties, I don't even know the way I had people dress for them at all. But we had parties galore. We had spontaneous events. All I did was think of, 'What can we do that's fun?'"http://www.businessinsider.com/how-to-have-long-lasting-relationship-mark-manson-2017-11The key to long-lasting relationships is more simple than you thinkMark Manson, the author of 'The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck," told us the secret to a long, lasting relationship. And it's simpler than you think. Following is a transcript of the video.

Mark Manson: I think, if you look at a relationship, I actually think it should be as boring as possible. And that sounds really weird to people but if you think about it, a really happy 80-year-old couple that's been together for 60 years, the reason that they've been together for 60 years, it isn't because they took all these private jets and they had these crazy vacations and "Oh my God, look at their pictures."

It's because that they were able to be boring together. They are able to spend year after year, sitting around the house, talking about the same boring stuff, watching TV, watching movies, cooking dinner, and it went fine. There was nothing exciting, there's nothing blowing up, there's no huge drama, and dishes flying.

It's an important thing for people to understand because I think, especially today, a lot of people — we don't want to be a boring person, like we really want to be interesting people and have interesting lives but the problem is that, that conflicts with what makes a relationship good in a lot of cases. A lot of cases, what makes you an interesting and complex person, makes you a really horrible person to be with romantically. In a strange way, I feel like we need to cultivate more boredom in our lives, like boredom needs to be okay again. It needs to be seen as a good thing and I think it's definitely a good thing for relationships.http://www.businessinsider.com/ultimate-framework-for-making-better-decisions-based-on-billionaires-2017-11I studied billionaires and talked to neuroscientists, and I've realized there are 4 key parts to making great decisionsThis post from Matt Bodnar originally appeared on Quora as an answer to the question "Which decision-making strategies yield the best results?"

Billionaires like Warren Buffett believe in the power of compounding knowledge through constantly learning and studying.

Charlie Munger believes that a successful entrepreneur needs to be multidisciplinary.

Successful people tend to use mental models, psychological concepts or tidbits of wisdom that in some way explains how the world works.

I've studied billionaires, talked with neuroscientists, psychologists, astronauts, and more — and from all of those conversations — I've put together a framework I call "the Art of Decision-making."

The Art of Decision-making has 4 key components:

Harness the power of compounding by building on your knowledge and getting 1% smarter every day

Focus on and study things that don't change or change very slowly over time — master the principles and you can invent the tactics

Follow the path of worldly wisdom and focus on acquiring multidisciplinary knowledge across academic disciplines like psychology, mathematics, and biology

Build a toolkit of mental models so that you can better understand reality and achieve your goals.

The more time and energy you invest in your decision-making ability, the more it continues to build and build on itself by harnessing the power of compounding

Becoming a master at the Art of Decision-making cascades through everything you do. It's not incremental growth in your knowledge, it's exponential growth. Einstein described the power of compounding as the "eight wonder of the world" — and if you've ever crunched some numbers on a compound interest calculator you know how powerful compounding can be over time.

If you get 1% better at thinking — at understanding how the world works, how human behavior works, how economic systems function, and understanding your own brain — that 1% improvement impacts everything you do. You're not just going to benefit at work, but when you deal with your spouse, or negotiate the purchase of a new car, or decide where to invest your savings. You're entire life is essentially a long chain of decisions.

These small incremental improvements in decision-making aren't noticeable at first, but they eventually result in a huge transformation in how you think, act, and understand the world.

Here's a quote from our dear friend Warren Buffett, when asked what the key to success was he pointed to a stack of books and said:

"Read 500 pages like this every day. That's how knowledge works. It builds up, like compound interest. All of you can do it, but I guarantee not many of you will do it."

S pend your time mastering the core principles that underpin psychology and human behavior, because those things never change

A key piece of building a compounding machine of knowledge — that over time will let you vault over almost everyone on the planet in terms of sheer brain power — is focusing on knowledge that doesn't change or changes very slowly over time.

Many people focus their time and energy on learning rapidly changing tactics, the minutiae, highly specific actions and pieces of advice without a broader context. As Sun Tzu once said "tactics without strategy is the noise before defeat" and Ralph Waldo Emerson said:

"As to methods, there may be a million and then some, but principles are few. The man who grasps principles can successfully select his own methods. The man who tries methods, ignoring principles, is sure to have trouble."

People gobble up the latest article "10 Things You Can Do To Improve Your Email Opt-In Rate" but the problem with studying knowledge like that is that it changes — it doesn't give you something to build up and build upon over time — in 18 months all of the advice in that article will be useless. If you spent a year in 2004 reading every book on high performance banner ads — none of that knowledge would be relevant today.

But if you flip that, if you study the strategy — spend your time mastering the core principles that underpin psychology and human behavior, reading things like the book Influence by Robert Cialdini — you can invent marketing tactics on the fly — because you understand the bigger picture. And that knowledge changes very slowly over time — it's a core foundation that you can build upon and grow from.

This also means that the best kind of knowledge to focus on and spend your time investing in is not ephemeral junk like Facebook, Twitter, and BuzzFeed, but the core pillars of human knowledge and the major academic disciplines, which brings us to the principle of Worldly Wisdom.

Cultivate worldly wisdom by collecting knowledge from lots of different disciplines and areas of life

The next key component of The Art of Decision-making is cultivating what Charlie Munger (the billionaire business partner of Warren Buffett) called Worldy Wisdom.

Here's a great description of the concept of worldly wisdom from Robert Griffin's book "Charlie Munger: The Complete Investor:"

Munger has adopted an approach to business and life that he refers to as worldly wisdom. Munger believes that by using a range of different models from many different disciplines — psychology, history, mathematics, physics, philosophy, biology, and so on — a person can use the combined output of the synthesis to produce something that has more value than the sum of its parts. Robert Hagstrom wrote a wonderful book on worldly wisdom entitled Investing: The Last Liberal Art, in which he states that "each discipline entwines with, and in the process strengthens, every other. From each discipline the thoughtful person draws significant mental models, the key ideas that combine to produce a cohesive understanding. Those who cultivate this broad view are well on their way to achieving worldly wisdom."

Being multidisciplinary means collecting knowledge from lots of different disciplines and areas of life and building an approach to understanding the world that integrates all that knowledge into a cohesive framework.

In order to get what you want you have to understand how to get there, and in order to do that, you have to understand how things work — things like human behavior, economic systems, money, biology, and mathematics. Josh Kaufman explains this beautifully in The Personal MBA:

"Every business fundamentally relies on two factors People and Systems…To understand how businesses work, you must have a firm understanding of how people tend to think and behave — how humans make decisions, act on those decisions, and communicate with others. Recent advances in psychology are revealing why people do the things they do, as well as how to improve our own behavior and work more effectively with others. Systems, on the other hand, are the invisible structures that hold every business together. At the core, every business is a collection of processes that can be reliably repeated to produce a particular result. By understanding the essentials of how complex systems work, it's possible to find ways to improve existing systems, whether you're dealing with a marketing campaign or an automotive assembly line."

The problem is that too many people have a very narrow focus — they master one piece of the puzzle, say marketing or finance, and think that has all the answers. But reality is messy and complex and interwoven. Most big events in our lives aren't caused by one simple explanation; they are the result of an interplay of factors.

A multidisciplinary approach intertwines and strengthens itself by enabling you to pull from different disciplines of knowledge and bring the exact tools necessary to understand and solve tough challenges and to achieve complicated and difficult goals. As Peter Bevelin writes in Seeking Wisdom:

"Since no single discipline has all the answers we need to understand and use the big ideas from all the important disciplines: Mathematics, physics, chemistry, engineering, biology, psychology, and rank and use them in order of reliability."

A mental model is a concept, an idea, a tidbit of wisdom that in some way explains how the world works

Now its time to go deeper into Mental Models, which we briefly touched on earlier. A mental model is simply a concept, an idea, a tidbit of wisdom that in some way explains how the world works. Mental models are one of the cornerstones of high leverage thinking. In fact, Charlie Munger puts it pretty bluntly:

"Developing the habit of mastering the multiple models which underlie reality is the best thing you can do."

When a billionaire tells me something is "the best thing I can do" — I listen. And I've spent a tremendous amount of time studying billionaires, people like Charlie Munger, and mental models so that you don't have to.

A few examples of mental models would be concepts like the 80/20 principle and compounding, both of which we discussed earlier, as well as concepts like expected value and base rates from mathematics, notions such as confirmation bias, anchoring, and social proof from psychology, the prisoner's dilemma from game theory, or the concept of natural selection from biology.

Elon Musk has another great way of describing this.

"One bit of advice: it is important to view knowledge as sort of a semantic tree — make sure you understand the fundamental principles, ie the trunk and big branches, before you get into the leaves / details or there is nothing for them to hang on to." – Elon Musk

While this may seem a bit overwhelming, the good news is that you don't have to become an expert in physics and chemistry. The whole idea is to master the big ideas. Take the major principles from a 101 textbook and combine them into a framework of mental models that offers a rich and deep tool kit to look at, understand, and manipulate reality to your ends.

Checklists and decision journals both allow you to step outside your head, use an external system to eliminate bias from your thinking

I will also share two specific strategies for making better decisions.

Checklists

Decision journals

Checklists and decision journals both allow you to step outside your head, use an external system to eliminate bias from your thinking and make sure you cover all possible mental models that may address a particular problem.

"No wise pilot, no matter how great his talent or experience, fails to use his checklist." - Charlie Munger

Checklists are a vital tool to get out of your own head and make sure you haven't missed anything. Even experts like doctors routinely miss basic things like washing their hands, and implementing checklists in hospitals has saved thousands of lives as a result.

Decision journals help make your thought process clear and mitigate cognitive biases. Biases like hindsight bias and creeping determinism can disrupt your thinking and make your analysis of an event incorrect after the fact.

Michael J. Mauboussin, the Global Head of Strategy for Credit Suisse, describes decision journals as follows:

"Most professionals and businesspeople don't keep track of how good their decisions were. They keep track of how things turned out as the result of their decisions. Over the long haul, of course, good decisions provide a much higher chance of desirable outcomes. But in the short run the link between decisions and results can be very loose. The primary way to focus attention on the decision-making process is to keep a journal that documents your thinking. This is how you impose accountability on yourself. Here's what you do. Go out and get a notebook. When you are making a consequential decision in your portfolio, business, or life, write down what you expect to happen, why you expect it to happen, and attach probabilities to your views. If you are so inclined, also jot down how you feel physically and emotionally. Make sure you note the date and time."

A decision journal freezes your thoughts in time so you can go back later and see where you went wrong, and what you could have done instead. This provides you with an opportunity to improve your thinking in an iterative way.

Months after a decision has taken place, you can go back and review what you thought, see where your thinking was wrong, and start correcting it.

Combine all these factors to become a high-level thinker

When you combine all of these factors, you are putting your brain on a high leverage rocket ship — and with the power of compounding you will start leaving other people in the dust and be well on your way to mastering The Art of Decision-making.http://www.businessinsider.com/all-too-common-choices-prevent-people-from-living-first-class-lives-2017-11Being incredibly successful comes down to the simple choices you makeWorld-class success is created by consistently making great choices and building a disciplined environment.

You should focus on respecting your health, educating yourself instead of entertaining, and creating morning and evening routines.

Taking risks will increase your chances of living an extraordinary life.

You should also constantly strive to improve yourself and your work.

If you want world-class success, you need to make world-class choices. Most people do not make world-class choices. Hell, most of the time they don't even make good ones.

As a result, their lifestyle is not world-class. They're overweight, unhappy, and stuck. They're broke, dating people they don't really like, stuck at jobs they don't like. The sad truth is: The majority of people live lives like this. Many will reach their grave without ever experiencing world-class success.

The reason people stay stuck in this cycle-of-suck is entirely because of their choices.

Average choices create average results. And to quote Seth Godin: "Is there a difference between 'average' and 'mediocre?' Not so much."

Most people don't have first-class kind of lives. They make decisions most other people make, and so live the same unfulfilling lives. They live common lives, devoid of passion and purpose.

The good news is, anyone living this type of life can change it.

Here's how to be first-class in everything you do.

World-class success is created by simple, predictable choices over time

Success isn't a secret. It's not complicated.

Achieving success is simply a matter of consistently making choices that support the expansion of your life. World-class success depends on practicing world-class routines. Until you design an environment that sets you up for success, your ideal behavior will never happen.

If you want massive success, start doing what massively successful people do. Namely: Respect your health. Education, not entertainment. Disciplined routines, every day.

1. Health

If you want to go first-class in everything you do, you need the energy to support that high-functioning lifestyle.

World-class successful people prioritize their health over most things. They know eating crappy foods and not exercising severely limits their odds of success. They always get enough sleep. They take care of their bodies. They know their health is the difference between making tens of thousands of dollars a year and millions of dollars a year.

Most people don't eat well. Most people consume too much caffeine, alcohol, and/or sugar. Most people don't exercise regularly (or at all). As a result, most people don't sleep well. They're overweight. Lazy. Tired all the time.

World-class success depends entirely on your ability to function at your highest level. Get your health right.

2. Education, not entertainment

Most people choose entertainment instead of learning and creating.

Entertainment and distraction is the enemy of creation and learning. Overindulgence in entertainment will keep you in a mediocre life.

If you make common choices, you'll end up with a common life. If you want to be one of those rare, extraordinary people with world-class success, you need to make the extraordinary choice to learn instead of be entertained.

You have so much to learn, and so far to go. The only way to get there is to prioritize consistent, meaningful learning.

"Your level of success will rarely exceed your level of personal development, because success is something you attract by the person you become." — Hal Elrod

3. Morning and evening routines

The world's most successful people almost always have a diligent, consistent morning routine. Routines create environments where you can enter flow states to produce your best work.

If you behave the way world-class performers behave, you'll start to produce world-class results. Think like they think. Do what they do.

If you want an extraordinary life, you need to give up a normal one

Creating a first-class life means doing things many people are unwilling to do. Most people choose comfort and security over freedom. If you want to go first-class in everything you do, you need to start making choices that no one else is.

Everything has a cost. If you say yes to an opportunity, that means you're saying "no" to many others.

Unfortunately, most people choose "good" opportunities, not great ones. They don't have the patience or poise to pass and wait for something better.

This is hard to do. Living an extraordinary life and going first-class in everything you do takes extreme discipline and focus. Most people are simply unwilling to do it.

In the words of Darren Hardy: "Successful people do what unsuccessful people are unwilling to do."

There are many good things you'll have to give up in exchange for something greater.

If you want to go first-class in everything you do, you need to give up your addiction to security. Blazing your own path isn't safe. The results are incredible, but only possible when you embrace the risk. Stop letting others define success for you. Only you can define your true success.

It's not about money or status or things; it's about becoming who you truly are, and excelling.

Common things deliver common results

Those who harbor a second-class attitude always end up developing a second-class life. Think big and you'll live big. Think small and you'll live a small life, with small relationships, small success, and a small income.

What is "common" today? What is everyone else doing?

Common is settling for less than you deserve.

Common is eating crappy foods that create crappy health.

Common is bingeing on TV, alcohol, and junk food.

Common means choosing entertainment and distraction instead of learning and creating.

What is "uncommon?" Intense self-discipline is uncommon. Investing in your self-education is very uncommon. Refusing to tolerate mediocrity is extremely uncommon.

Common choices guarantee common results.

Extraordinary choices deliver extraordinary results. Darren Hardy once said: "It's no great achievement to go along with the crowd. Be the unusual guy, the extraordinary guy."

Look at your life right now. Have you been making extraordinary choices recently? Or have your choices been average at best?

You don't need to subsist solely on kale and coconut oil to be healthy. You don't need to wake up at 5 a.m. every single day. You don't need to work 20 hours a day to be productive. You don't even need to become world-class after reading this article. It doesn't happen in a day, or even months. It takes a long time to cultivate a lifestyle of discipline and focus. That's OK. Do what you can.

Small things will become big things over time.

First-class success means you study your craft

Dreamers only talk about what life could be. But the elite study their craft and actually improve.

Elite performers tweak and modify their performance over and over again until it aligns with world-class behavior. Every day, they change little things. Remember, those little things will grow into much bigger things.

Most people don't have an effective routine of any kind. They don't tweak their performance or consistently practice getting better.

Their morning routine consists of sleeping in as long as they before they have to rush out the door. Exercising and creating are sporadic and infrequent.

Many people claim they want enormous success, but their lives are undisciplined and scattered. Their choices aren't world-class, they're mediocre. In reality, they prefer their comfort over the cost of success.

If you want to become first-class in everything you do, you need to study your craft. You need to track your progress, measure your improvement, and have specific goals.

In his famous book, "Good to Great," Jim Collins wrote, "Greatness is not a function of circumstance. Greatness, it turns out, is largely a matter of conscious choice."

How you allocate your time and energy decides what your life looks like. If you study your craft and consistently make efforts to improve, success becomes inevitable.

If you want a first-class life, you must choose to make it happen. No amount of luck, good intentions, or raw talent will save you.

In conclusion

Sadly, most people will continue to make choices that keep them in mediocrity. First-class behavior is rare. It's difficult to cultivate, and harder to sustain. Most people are satisfied with regular and average.

Mediocrity is a sickness that ruins your life over time. You can't tolerate mediocre activities or behaviors for long without them bringing you down. Most people make average choices, and so they have an average life.

If you want to go first class in everything you do, prioritize learning and self-education.http://www.businessinsider.com/if-all-you-do-is-learn-from-your-internship-youve-missed-the-point-2017-6If all you do is learn from your internship, you've completely missed the pointThis post originally appeared on garyvaynerchuk.com.

It’s not what you’re going to learn this summer.

As a matter of fact, 98% of you are going to take jobs where they’re not going to teach you s---. It’s stuff you already know. You’re mailing in your summer.

It’s really not about what you are going to learn, it’s about who you are going to meet.

Please understand, as you go into this internship or this job, maximize networking: shake hands, kiss babies, do whatever it takes!

If you’re a wallflower, don’t even do internships. But if you are an intern, please understand, it is the human connections that you’re going to make.

Way too many people roll in to their first job and think they’re going to learn something about advertising or marketing or media or startups.

You’re not. You’ll learn something, but it’s 3% of the equation. Please attack the other 97%.

Go to every after hours event. Say hello to everybody. If you work at an office where everybody’s head down, and it’s not that kind of culture, figure it out. Hack it. Be the obnoxious intern that is too bubbly. Make every connection you can. And make sure your presence is known.



Because what most people don’t understand is even if 98% of the people in there hate your positivity and offense, it’s the 2% that connect with you that actually matter at the end of the day.

This advice is universal. If you see even one person that looks at you and gives you a glimmer of hope concerning people skills, attach yourself to that person, and let them introduce you to others.

So if your strategy and goal is to “network” and “connect,” here is what you actually need to do:

Map every single person that works in your office and pay attention to where they are on social media. I mean it. Take the 15 to 40 hours to try to figure out every single person’s social media account, especially on Twitter (if they’re on it) and follow what they care about and what they share, and if they’re talking about Aziz Ansari’s new show on Twitter, when you are in the elevator with them, say, “Hey, noticed you said something about Aziz’s show. I love it too.”

Put in the tangible hard work to build the relationships. Those 40 hours of researching the hobbies and social profiles of your colleagues are so much more valuable than figuring out how to use excel. Figuring out how to post on Facebook. That will come, that’s something any YouTube video or article can teach.

The people are the real opportunity.

Please, use this time wisely. Way too many of you go in and you think connections are just going to be handed to you and they’re not. In reality, the opportunity is sitting right in front of you and the whole punchline my friends is, it’s the people.

I’m stunned that so many interns are texting each other right now complaining as if the job owes them anything. Nobody owes you anything. Go out and grab your internship. Go out and make your connections worth it!

The internship IS your opportunity. It’s what you do with the opportunity that matters. Again, I can’t believe how many dwell on “My internship isn’t teaching me this, my internship isn’t helping me learn that.” Instead of worrying about your company and what they’re not doing with their internship, look yourself in the mirror and figure out what you can do about it in order to win.

Because listen, people build great companies. People make great friends. People know other people. People can help you. It’s the employees that you meet in your office that go work somewhere else, or are the manager in your department, or who have friends who work for the companies you admire that are going to make all the difference.

The people you meet are going to be the ones that assist you down the line. The ones that are reminded by your hustle and tenacity and good-natured-attitude that are going to give you more opportunity. Whether now or in the future.

The fact that you went for it, that you said hello, that you shook someone’s hand is going to make all the difference.

I promise you that the person you got coffee with, the one you rode the elevator up with, the lunch buddy you were paired with on the first day can help. It’s crazy how that 3 minutes of your time can make the difference. I promise you that of the 36 interns that work with you now, one of them is going to go on and be an executive. One of them is going to be cousins with the next CEO. One of them might attend your wedding.

This is a world built by people, not the black and white skills you learned this summer in eight weeks. Half of you are going to get coffee and do dumb s--- because they disrespect your youth inappropriately.

But remember — you’re trying to extract the relationships, so deploy empathy and think about what other people need. When you’re walking through the office at 6:47 p.m. and you see people sitting there at their desk or in their office, this is exactly the piece of advice that matters. Look them dead in the face and say, “Hey, I’m empathetic that I’m an intern. And you may think it’s more time to train me than the value I can give in return, but if there’s anything I can do for you, I’d love to help you right now.” That question alone, whether you can help or not, is gonna be the ROI.

At the end of the day, you never want to win with the person that pays attention to your grammar or if your excel sheets are on point. I’d rather lose with that person every time that thinks you’re annoying. That thinks you can’t do it. That doesn’t say hello.

You’re trying to build relationships! It’s the four people that like that you’re networking or you’re hustling or you’re showing A-Type characteristics that are going to matter. I’d much rather win with the 6 winners in your office than lose with 40 other losers.

So please, even if you are in that 85% that’s getting coffee and being assigned dumb s--- and thinks that’s just the way it works, please say hello.

Please do your human research. When you drop off a coffee to somebody and they have a Cardinals pennant and you know something about the Cardinals, say something! Say something and make a connection. Build relationships. It is the only way. It is the only ROI of an internship.

Good luck!

Just out of college, Gary grew his family wine business from a $4M to a $45M business in just five years. Now, he runs VaynerMedia, one of the world’s hottest digital agencies. Along the way, Gary became a prolific angel investor and venture capitalist, investing in companies including Snapchat, Facebook, Twitter, Uber and Venmo and co-founding the Vayner RSE fund.

Gary will soon appear with Gwyneth Paltrow, Jessica Alba and will.i.am on Apple’s original series “Planet of the Apps,” launching in spring 2017.

In addition to running digital agency VaynerMedia, Gary also serves as CEO of holding company VaynerX, which houses VaynerMedia and The Gallery, a new publishing company Gary started after acquiring leading women’s lifestyle property PureWow in January 2017, with his business partners at RSE Ventures. Gary also serves as a partner in athlete representation agency VaynerSports and restaurant reservations app Resy.http://www.businessinsider.com/small-cities-to-move-to-before-they-get-too-popular-2017-8America's best 15 small cities to move to before they get too popularThe best small towns to visit in America are easy to commit to for a weekend. But if you're going to full on move to a small town, you gotta be selective. Pick wrong and you'll be bored, underpaid, and isolated. But pick right, and you can get all the best aspects of a metropolis — energy, creativity, charm, excitement — without the up-yours prices and the built-in migraines. So we asked dozens of writers around the country to find the small American cities (with a max population of 70,000) where they'd put down roots. We looked for up-and-coming hotspots (think, Asheville 10 years ago), underappreciated gems, and towns where a person with verve could scratch out a cool life. Places where you can raise kids and those kids can raise dogs and those dogs can raise hell. And where, when your friends visit from the city, they take a seat on your porch and say, "Damn, this is nice. What does your mortgage cost, again?" View As: One Page Slides

Hood River, Oregon Great beer and the great outdoors within spitting distance of Portland.



Population: 7,700



The Columbia River Gorge is one of the most beautiful natural features in the Pacific Northwest, a winding stretch of river sandwiched between dense forests, towering cliff faces, and more waterfalls than a TLC tribute show. Its finest town is Hood River, a Rockwellian, hilly burg unofficially known as "Portland's backyard." It sits at the shores of the Columbia and on the foothills of Mount Hood, plopping you into fantastic hiking, mountain biking, skiing, snowshoeing and kitesurfing. It's also home to an inordinately large number of breweries, including Full Sail, pFriem, Logsdon Farmhouse, and Double Mountain, making Hood River one of the best small beer towns anywhere. Every day, Portland's traffic and rents are looking more like LA. Whether you land a job in Hood River itself, telecommute, or drive the (gorgeous) hour to Portland daily, you're looking at rents a fraction of the big city's (where a studio runs a ridiculous $1,500, easy). Plus you get friendly locals, great schools, fresh air, and some of the most breathtaking views in the state. It's a wonder more people aren't treating Portland as the weekend getaway and settling into one of America's best, and most strategically located, small towns. —Andy Kryza

Bisbee, Arizona A mountain-ringed artist's haven in the middle of the Sonoran Desert.



Population: 5,200



Southeast of Tucson and 20 minutes north of Mexico are the Mule Mountains, wherein lies Bisbee, a world unto its own. Driving into the town is a thrill: You arrive from above, via a mountain tunnel, dropping past the homes, art galleries, and cute shops that now populate this old copper mining town formerly filled with brothels and bars. Today the town is less about vice and more about cheap living in an eclectic high-desert town. The average house will cost just $130K; your neighbors will be a mix of rough-and-tumble miners, writers, painters, old-school hippies, new-wave hippies, and recovering yuppies — including artists and University of Arizona academics who have decamped from the "big city" two hours away. Tucson's residents flee to these mountains in the summer, as Bisbee's mile-high elevation means a respite from the searing desert heat. They, like you, come to chill and slow down. Just remember there's a wild and fascinating universe in any direction just over the mountains. —Jackie Bryant

Port Chester, New York Affordable rents and a bustling downtown that'll make you forget Brooklyn.



Population: 29,000



No need to live in Bushwick or Williamsburg to feel like you're a New Yorker. Just an hour-long train ride north from Grand Central, and you'll find yourself in Port Chester. This Westchester County village has all the allure of a poppin' Brooklyn neighborhood, minus the bulls---. Obscenely high rent? Not here. Mayor Dennis G. Pilla told The New York Times, "Millennials are moving here from the outer boroughs and other places because of the bang for the buck." You can land a 1/1 apartment for $1,600, aka what you'd pay in NYC only if your aunt owns the building. Maybe you could even (hold onto your hat, now) buy. And get this — there's actually stuff to do. Since the Capitol Theatre (built in 1926) was reopened in 2012 by Brooklyn Bowl owner Peter Shapiro, huge acts like Bob Dylan, Father John Misty, and the Pixies have been booked. The fleeing New Yorkers ensure a healthy appetite for bars, brunches, and well-respected restos. You can hit bartaco or Mario Batali's Tarry Lodge, or scarf down a chili cheese dog from Hubba's, a hole-in-the-wall shop that's been around for over 100 years. Then gaze around at the once-sleepy town for people who still can't bring themselves to admit they might one day wind up in Connecticut. —Rebecca Strassberg

Greenville, South Carolina A charming southern city that's punching way above its weight.



Population: 67,400



Look, you're too late to ride the wave of brewers and artists and early-adopters that transformed Asheville in the past couple of decades. But there's still a chance for you to put your stamp on the vastly underrated Greenville, an hour south and likewise on the porch of gorgeous Appalachian national forests. From May to October, prepare to jam into one of the country's best downtowns to partake in the weekly Saturday Market, a mob scene of fresh produce and live music. Fully a dozen craft breweries will keep you well hydrated, while the local food scene relishes in the home-grown and locally owned: Southern Living recently tallied some 120 locally owned restaurants in a single 10-block radius. When you need to sweat, hike to a 420-foot waterfall in the best state park in SC, right outside the city at Caesars Head. The cost of living is relatively cheap (housing is 20% less than the national average) and those beautiful Atlantic beaches are a measly four hours' drive. It's walkable, safe, and laid-back. That chill will come in handy when you feign surprise that your visiting friends compare your new digs to Asheville. —Kylie Maxcy

Golden, Colorado A gateway to the Rocky Mountains and two booming city centers.



Population: 20,700



Golden lies just outside of Denver at the edge of the sprawling Colorado Rockies, an ideally situated doorway between a hip fast-growing metropolis and miles of skiing, hiking, and rock climbing. This former gold rush town is laying back and soaking up the state's recent cultural and economic boom, one that's been partly spurred by legalized green (which, yes, is an added incentive to move there). But while you might come for the mountains and weed, you'll stay for the job prospects: Google recently moved into nearby Boulder — it's a straight shot just 30 minutes up the road, and Denver's even less to the east. Both cities are surging with career and lifestyle possibilities, but with great opportunity comes great prices; hence, the beauty of setting up camp in Golden. Home to the Coors Brewing Company, as well as countless microbreweries and brewpubs, the town's got a Western rustic vibe that's not try-hard, and puts you within striking distance of the region's best entertainment like the Red Rocks Ampitheatre, Coors Field, and Vail. —Emily Zemler

Eau Claire, Wisconsin Beer, trails, and a world-class music festival at your doorstep.



Population: 68,300



If you want to make friends in this life — real friends, the sort you'll hang with for the rest of your days — then spend a few winters two hours from Minneapolis. The upper Midwestern folks here have a knack for making the most of that dreary, dark season. You'll still see bikes (with snow tires) commuting in negative temperatures, which at first may seem insane but eventually... you kind of get it. Duck out of the snow and into a warm, toasty bar — Water Street is saturated with them — for a pint of Lazy Monk IPA or New Glarus Spotted Cow. Eat some cheese curds, play a board game or 200, and let the winter roll on by, as it always manages to do. Once spring rolls around, everyone starts peeling the sleeves off their pale-ass torsos and preparing to smash their way into a temperate, gorgeous summer together. The Chippewa River runs through this city, with loads of trails, parks, even beaches, and a shiny waterfront downtown is rolling in locally owned shops and locally sourced eats. June brings about the Eaux Claires music festival, started in 2015 by Wisconsin's own Justin Vernon, where local artists share a bill with such little-known acts as Vernon's Bon Iver, Wilco, and Paul Simon. —Kylie Maxcy

Portland, Maine The "other" Portland hasn't let its newfound coolness go to its head.



Population: 67,000



Starting now, you don't need to fly to Colorado for your legal marijuana. Maine is still a year away from allowing cannabis commerce, but you're already free to grow your own. If you smell money in that smoke, or just want to legally spark up on Game of Thrones nights, the magic word is "Portland." Led by a vigorous craft beer and craft spirits scene, it's attracting ambitious young things from the more expensive, more harried East Coast cities and helping them start small businesses — thanks, Maine Venture Fund. (And if you get nostalgic for seeing middle fingers extended in standstill traffic, Boston's just 2-and-a-half hours down the road.) The result is a Portland that currently boasts perhaps the most restaurants and craft breweries per capita of anywhere in the country. Next year, look for cannabis stores and social clubs. For the next several decades, look for this town to cling to its coastal blue-collar charms. Mainers are a steady people. Even now they're already trying to head off rising rents with affordable housing developments. Leave it to New Englanders not to let a town get overheated. —Katie Lockhart

San Marcos, Texas Music, outdoors, and barbecue — and rent that you can still afford.



Population: 62,000



Though some might think there's no such thing as "too big" in Texas, others might argue that Austin has become exactly that. Many of the artists, musicians, and cheap rent-seekers have bounced south to San Marcos. The most hippie town in Texas is also where George Strait got his start, and has live music wafting from the bars on its historic square most nights of the week. The home of Texas State University — further shades of Austin — also brings together eccentric locals, students, and lately, veterans looking for the opposite of military life. The population has doubled in the past 25 years, but home prices here still sit well under $250,000. The city sits at the base of Texas Hill Country and enjoys the crystal-clear San Marcos River, a tubing and floating destination for the entire state. An 85 mph toll road links it to San Antonio and Austin for commuters; easier is the 15-minute drive to the state's best wineries at Duchman and Driftwood Estate. It's also smack in the middle of Texas' best barbecue region, with famous names like Salt Lick, Black's, Kreuz's and Smitty's close enough for a quick lunch trip. —Matt Meltzer

Delray Beach, Florida The laid-back South Florida beach fantasy is very, very real.



Population: 67,000



It's not just for grandparents anymore. In the past decade, Delray has begun to use the word "hip" to precede something other than "replacement." Atlantic Avenue has transformed from a daytime retiree corridor to the top nightlife destination in Palm Beach County, with clubs like Salt7 and Il Bacio drawing partiers from all over South Florida. Top Miami burger joints like Rok:Brgr and Batch have opened outposts up here, joining an already-strong lineup of destination restaurants like Brule Bistro and Vic & Angelo's. Yet Delray still captures the essence of the old-school South Florida. Traffic is light (exceptions: during the Garlic Festival or annual tennis tournament), you can actually find beach parking, and flip-flops are perfectly acceptable dinner attire. Add in one of the region's best breweries at Salt Water and you've got the rare coastal Florida city that hasn't overbuilt itself into oblivion. —Matt Meltzer

Burlington, Iowa Scenic downtown hills and an artistic bent make for a tiny, corn-fed San Francisco.



Population: 25,000



How can you pass up a town with a street called Snake Alley? It might be beyond anyone's powers to fact-check the city's claim that this is the "crookedest alley" in the world, but the fact that citizens want such a serpentine-award is typical of the burg's offbeat nature. On its surface, Burlington looks like the apotheosis of scenic small-towns: sloping hills, suspension bridge cutting across the Mississippi, and a business district home to a vintage record shop called Weird Harold's. A cost of living 22% below the national average makes buying one of the turn-of-century mansions dotting the landscape both attainable and a solid investment. Getting out and making friends will be cheap. Besides hosting some great bands, downtown's vintage theater savvily runs free classic films along with current low-budget indies. Recently opened wine bistros and cocktail lounges mean there's more bartenders-per-capita than most midwestern towns. The place consistently scores higher than its neighbors on a variety of diversity report cards, while cultural center and MFA-magnet Iowa City is barely an hour's drive. And if you do get the itch for a weekend some place with a little more concrete, there's both a regional airport and an Amtrak station for a quick visit to Chicago or St. Louis that'll barely cost you more than you might've spent on round-trip gas. —Peter Rugg

Joshua Tree, California A bohemian desert oasis where your backyard is a national park.



Population: 7,400



Visit for the wind-chiseled landscape, the night skies painted in mesmerizing Milky Way hues, and the jaunty desert energy. Actually move for cheap (by Cali standards) rent and to be part of a hip, small-town vibe. Creative types have made Joshua Tree home to cool Airbnbs and boutique hotels tricked out with mid-century modern and bohemian flairs. They've also made it an absorbing town in which to settle down, even for just a little while. You'll eat at independent cafes and a farmers market, and spend hot afternoons at quirky thrift shops — including one with a fun art and performance space, an Old Western-themed bar and vegan chow. You'll bump into more gigantic-name musicians than a town this size ought to know: Queens of the Stone Age, Arctic Monkeys and Foo Fighters have all recorded albums here. And your drinking buddies will be digital nomads and telecommuters who crave affordability — think $1K a month for a three-bedroom, two-bath — with the cultural flavor of LA. Feeling confined? Joshua Tree National Park is your backyard, and actual LA is a two-hour drive to the west. —Michelle Rae Uy

Northampton, Massachusetts A college town with a hippie vibe and the cultural trappings of cities 300 times bigger.



Population: 28,400



The hometown of Smith College is a brainy, fiercely liberal burg where tweedy types rent or buy when they get exhausted with New York City (three hours away) or Boston (one-and-a-half hours). Think of this as the refuge urban parents sniff out to raise kids in the lap of the forests and meadows of Pioneer Valley. "It’s a place that met all of my criteria for being able to leave Brooklyn," says writer Valerie Reiss, who recently moved here with her husband and young son. "Great coffee, good bookstores, blue politics, an active, engaged community, and an abundance of nature." It’s easy to recommend the fall foliage — extra bonus if you like the snow. This is a great place for skiers, snowboarders, and the hearty, masochistic souls who actually enjoy New England winters. —Jennifer Mattson

Bozeman, Montana City comforts and endless trails in cowboy country.



Population: 45,200



How does reclining in an Adirondack chair, sipping a crisp MAP Brewing kolsch, and gazing into the snow-capped Bridger Mountains sound to you? The locals say "Only in Bozeman," repeatedly. Maybe too often. Because where else can you have a $15 wagyu beef burger, fresh from the Montana Wagyu Cattle Company just up the street in Belgrade, then throw on your hiking boots and drive 15 minutes to a trailhead in the 1.8-million-acre Gallatin National Forest? Only in Bozeman can you choose your own adventure, and complete it on your lunch hour. Many agitated urban-dwellers transplant to Bozeman for its organic, space-filled lifestyle. Cowboys saddle up to the bar with tech entrepreneurs and university professors, and everyone, yes everyone, owns waders for fly fishing. Don't get us wrong — with transplants come a necessity for creature comforts, so plenty of breweries, coffee shops, and grocery co-ops exist for those who wouldn't dare go a week without avocado toast. Cattle may outnumber the people who live here, but by no means are tumbleweeds blowing through the streets. If you truly love the outdoors, why not spend less time in the car and more time on the 2,200 miles of hiking paths circling the Gallatin, Beartooth, Bridger, and Madison mountain ranges. —Nicole Schuman

Wilmington, Delaware Philadelphia's Philadelphia is less square than you've assumed.



Population: 71,000



You may know Wilmington as that magical place where hundreds of thousands of businesses can fit into a single PO box, but Delaware's biggest city (which clocks in a hair above our 70K population limit, but we just couldn't resist) has undergone massive changes in the last decade thanks to a booming job market and massive investments in the city's cultural landmarks. Major financial institutions — J.P. Morgan, Barclays, BlackRock — have shifted jobs to Wilmington, sending an influx of young professionals (and their salaries) that has breathed new life into the city's cultural landmarks like the Queen Theater and the iconic Hotel du Pont. The city and state, meanwhile, have committed to fostering entrepreneurship and co-working spaces like The Mill and Start It Up Delaware, a public-private partnership aiming to bring tech talent to the First State. "The city really checks off a lot of boxes," says Wilmington native and local entrepreneur Matt Van Belle. "The cost of living is cheap, you can walk everywhere, you have access to major metros via train or a short drive, some of the best beaches on the coast are an hour away." Plus, the mad beer geniuses at Dogfish Head are only a short drive away, which means the crew at Washington Street Alehouse are always getting kegs you won't see anywhere else. —T.M. Brownhttp://www.businessinsider.com/amazon-echo-black-friday-cyber-monday-deals-2017Amazon Echo smart speakers are selling for as low as $30 now through Cyber MondayThe Insider Picks team writes about stuff we think you'll like. Business Insider has affiliate partnerships, so we get a share of the revenue from your purchase.

If you're looking to spend your money on the most valuable discounts of Black Friday, you might find yourself browsing the tech deals — of which there are many.

Right now is an especially great time to buy an Echo device, particularly if you're looking to dip into a smart home setup. In a rare discount, you can save $20 to $50 on Echo devices from 9 p.m. on November 22 to 11:59 p.m. on November 27.

You can figure out which device fits your needs best here, but thanks to being equipped with Alexa there are virtually endless capabilities.The full-size Echo certainly has more powerful speakers, but the Echo Dot is still a great buy for its size and features, especially now that it's selling for only $30.

Save $20 to $50 on Echo devices now through November 27:

Check all of the Insider Picks 2017 gift guides out here if you're shopping for someone else.

If you want to see more from Insider Picks, we're collecting emails for an upcoming newsletter. You'll be the first to hear about the stuff we cover. Click here to sign up .



Disclosure: This post is brought to you by Business Insider's Insider Picks team. We aim to highlight products and services you might find interesting, and if you buy them, we get a small share of the revenue from the sale from our commerce partners. We frequently receive products free of charge from manufacturers to test. This does not drive our decision as to whether or not a product is featured or recommended. We operate independently from our advertising sales team. We welcome your feedback. Have something you think we should know about? Email us at insiderpicks@businessinsider.com.

Read the original article on Insider Picks. Copyright 2017. Follow Insider Picks on Twitter.http://www.businessinsider.com/how-successful-people-spend-holiday-weekends-2016-911 things unsuccessful people do over long weekends• Thanksgiving is this week — which means some workers in the US will be getting some time off Thursday and Friday. • Business Insider reached out to three experts to get a sense of some pitfalls to avoid during long weekends. • They recommended protecting and being intentional with your time off.

Many people across the US will have Thursday — and, potentially, Friday — off, thanks to Thanksgiving. We already know what successful people will be doing over the long weekend. But what about the unsuccessful people among us? What mistakes can we watch out for and avoid? After all, you don't want your free time go down the drain. With that in mind, let's discuss some behaviors to avoid. Here are 11 things unsuccessful people do over long weekends: View As: One Page Slides

1. They neglect their loved ones "A three-day weekend lets you schedule this critical quality time," says Lynn Taylor, a national workplace expert and the author of "Tame Your Terrible Office Tyrant: How to Manage Childish Boss Behavior and Thrive in Your Job." That being said, spending a long weekend getting away from everyone isn't necessarily a bad thing. But unsuccessful individuals don't avoid people because they're mindfully trying to unwind — they do it because something's holding them back from connecting.

2. They stress out We all need to rest and recharge our batteries from time to time. Unsuccessful people are unable to do this, even over long weekends. This leads to misery during a time that should be filled with relaxation and happiness.

3. They spend a ton of money (needlessly) You don't want to blow all your cash right before the holidays. Unsuccessful people don't know how to control themselves over long weekends and end up with empty wallets as a result. Squeezing too many impulse purchases into such a short amount of time is a really bad idea. If you're looking to have a ton of fun on a budget, consider a staycation or just carefully budgeting your fun in the sun.

4. They make unhealthy choices Unsuccessful folks tend to use any excuse to neglect their exercise routines and dig into some unhealthy stuff. A long weekend provides the perfect opportunity to shirk good habits. It's natural to want to indulge a bit, which is fine — in moderation.

5. They never stop working Unsuccessful people squander their time off by responding to work emails and catching up on busywork. If you're scheduled to work over the long weekend because you have bad luck, that's one thing. It's another thing entirely if you choose to work over the three day weekend from home. That could be a sure sign you're about to burn out or you're just addicted to work. If you really need to be productive, don't just allow work to randomly seep into your downtime. Schedule some time to deal with your work and then be done with it.

6. They constantly think about work This one isn't quite as bad as working throughout the weekend, but thinking about your job constantly isn't a great sign either. If you love your work so much that you can't get it off your mind, that's one thing. But unsuccessful people are so focused on the week ahead that they can't relax and enjoy themselves in the moment.

7. They're lazy Of course, it's important to unwind over the weekend. Unsuccessful people take this too far, though. A long weekend is the optimal time to tackle that personal, non-work-related project that you can never seem to get to during the week — cleaning the house, buying a new grill, or calling your grandmother. Make the most of your time. You'll feel better once you check something off your to-do list.

8. They don't unplug A holiday weekend is the perfect opportunity to ditch your many screens and go outside for once. Don't be one of those people that spends every waking moment attached to their social media accounts. You'll miss out on so much.

9. They don't get adventurous Long weekends are the perfect time to embark on that road trip you've always wanted to go on, or try that new restaurant, or hit the beach one last time. It's fine if you just want to relax, but if you're looking for the opportunity to do something different, you'll probably regret spending all your time on the couch. "This is a great time to unwind with your favorite pastime or hobby, whether it's shopping, golfing, socializing, reading, painting, or something else," Taylor says.

10. You don't plan anything Some people can just flow through life without ever having a plan. Good for them. If you're not like that, though, it's not a bad idea to have at least a general idea of what you want to accomplish over the long weekend — and the subsequent week. You don't have to plan out every second, of course, but you want to at least have a rough outline. Unsuccessful people end up shooting themselves in the foot by leaving everything up in the air, leading to disorganization and disappointment.http://www.businessinsider.com/best-walmart-black-friday-deals-2017These are the best Black Friday deals Walmart is offering right nowThe Insider Picks team writes about stuff we think you'll like. Business Insider has affiliate partnerships so we may get a share of the revenue from your purchase.

It’s almost that time of year again — the annual mass hysteria of Black Friday where stores slash prices in anticipation of holiday shopping.

And while your first thought might be for Amazon’s Black Friday deals, a new report by Astound Commerce shows that Walmart might not be so far behind at all. A whopping 60% of survey respondents said they’d be heading to Walmart this season — with 63% replying so for Amazon — thanks to their reputation for better prices.

However, you might want to price check with the best deals Amazon is currently offering, since Walmart's Black Friday strategy includes lowering in-store prices even more than online to drive people to their brick-and-mortar locations.

But while some shoppers might enjoy the experience of camping outside their favorite stores in the November weather, doing your Black Friday shopping online at home in your pajamas is an advantage that can’t be overstated during Thanksgiving time — especially since stores like Walmart have a pick-up in store option. Not only can you possibly grab it faster than it would be shipped, but you can save on a cost that might otherwise send you packing for an outlet that won’t charge anything for delivery but might have a higher upfront price.

In an unsurprising embrace of Black Friday enthusiasm, Walmart and Amazon are already rolling out holiday deals.

Further down are the ones you can take advantage of right now, but here are a few noteworthy deals to bookmark so you can get to them first when they go live at 6 p.m. on November 23.

Check out all the Walmart Black Friday deals available now here, or shop by category below:http://www.businessinsider.com/dirty-secret-in-your-investment-portfolio-emissions-2017-11There's a dirty secret hidden in your investment portfolio — and it's much worse for the environment than drivingYour investment portfolio contributes far more greenhouse gases than any other lifestyle choice you make.

An investment of $500,000 split between two common indexes produces 51 tons of carbon dioxide.

If you want to help the environment, start by looking at your portfolio.

While environmentalists may rightly point their fingers at carbon-spewing airplanes and SUVs, there's actually a hidden source of greenhouse gas emissions that's much worse than driving— and it's lurking in your investments.

That's according to a new study from CoPower, a Toronto-based firm that directs investment into clean energy products and green bonds.

The study considers a hypothetical professional couple, Jamie and Leslie, who take measures to reduce their carbon footprint — the amount of carbon dioxide produced by their lifestyle — like eating a mostly vegetarian diet, buying local groceries, and cutting down on car and air travel. This lifestyle, according to CoPower, would produce a net carbon footprint of just over 25 tons, before accounting for their investments.

But say, for example, Jamie and Leslie have a combined portfolio of $500,000 split equally between two typical funds, the S&P Composite Index and the MSCI World Index. Based on the average emissions of the companies in the indices, the couple's investment alone would emit a whopping 51 tons of carbon dioxide — more than double the amount of their lifestyle.

And, it's not just the wealthy making investments that harm the climate. According to CoPower, an investment of $10,000 in The Toronto Stock Exchange index has an annual carbon footprint of over 1700 pounds, which is equivalent to driving 1800 miles or eating 264 quarter-pound hamburgers.

The numbers only get worse the larger the investment portfolio. An investment of $1 million split between the two indexes would produce over 102 tons of carbon.

CoPower offers a few ways to make investments greener. Investors can contribute a minimum of $5,000 into one of CoPower's two Green Bonds funds, which operate on either a 3 or 5-year time frame and target a 3.5% or 5% interest rate, respectively.

The company pools these loans into financing for clean energy and energy efficiency projects across the US and Canada, like converting condo buildings to more efficient LED lights, or installing geothermal heating in residential neighborhoods.

Other firms like Wunder Capital — which is only open to accredited investors — pool loans to help commercial enterprises like small businesses, schools, and warehouses convert to solar power. And for a minimum investment of $500, Aspiration will direct your money into companies that are both solid investments and good for the planet.

All units converted from metric to imperial by the author.http://www.businessinsider.com/best-target-black-friday-deals-2017These are the best Target Black Friday deals you can get without leaving the houseThe Insider Picks team writes about stuff we think you'll like. Business Insider has affiliate partnerships, so we get a share of the revenue from your purchase.

Black Friday isn't here yet, but that hasn't stopped some retailers from playing part of their hand a little early.

Target "leaked" some of its holiday season deals, and we've rounded up the best ones we know about so far below.

Of course there will be doorbuster specials for people who get up early and fight for them, but shopping online is a great way to get most of the good deals without having to leave your bed. Keep in mind these deals aren't live yet, they're just ones to keep in mind as you decide what to buy before Black Friday actually comes.

Here are some of the best tech deals to bookmark for Black Friday:

You can also check out our many tech gift guides for tech under $100, tech under $25, tech under $50, tech gifts for women, tech stocking stuffers, and tech for iPhone lovers.

Having trouble figuring out what to get someone for the holidays? Browse all of Insider Picks' 2017 holiday gift guides here.http://www.businessinsider.com/best-macys-black-friday-deals-2017The best Black Friday deals from Macy's that we know so farThe Insider Picks team writes about stuff we think you'll like. Business Insider has affiliate partnerships, so we get a share of the revenue from your purchase.

Macy's Black Friday deals start online and in stores Wednesday, November 22.

Below, we've taken the time to break down all of the deals across all departments.

Traditionally, Black Friday starts the day after Thanksgiving, but as we've seen over the years, the name no longer applies, with retailers releasing deals and opening up stores earlier and earlier.

For Macy's Black Friday sale, you'll be able to shop online, on the app, and in stores starting Wednesday, November 22. The advance notice helps since Black Friday is not the time to meander and window shop especially since limited-time deals might get snatched up quickly if you take too long.

Below, we've highlighted each section of Macy's deals as well as discounts off entire departments and brands. Make sure to check back every hour to see updated deals and anything you may have missed.http://www.businessinsider.com/best-black-friday-deals-home-2017We found the Black Friday home and kitchen deals that are actually worth itThe Insider Picks team writes about stuff we think you'll like. Business Insider has affiliate partnerships, so we get a share of the revenue from your purchase.

If you're looking for a home refresh just in time for the holidays, Black Friday is the perfect time to make those upgrades without spending a fortune.

As we saw from our readers' purchases on Black Friday last year, smart home device and small kitchen appliance purchases are on the rise, so this year we're putting particular emphasis on these categories and showing you the best deals as they happen throughout the day.

You'll also find the best bed and bath products, the best mattresses, and other home products you can save big on.

The major retailers and department stores whose deals we've included have slightly different Black Friday sales dates. Take note that the corresponding deals are only valid online during these times:

Kohl's: November 20-24

November 20-24 Macy's: November 22-25

November 22-25 Walmart, JCPenney: November 23-24

November 23-24 Target, Best Buy: November 23-25

If you don't have time to go through the whole slideshow, here are the top deals from each category you should know about:

Keep scrolling to see the best Black Friday home deals this year.http://www.businessinsider.com/the-cheapest-times-to-visit-20-must-see-tourist-destinations-in-the-us-2017-11The cheapest times to visit 20 must-see tourist destinations in the USDo you have dreams of seeing the Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco or heading to the Big Apple to tour the Statue of Liberty? As you've likely figured out, pricing can vary drastically depending on the time of year. If you have a few bucket-list tourist destinations to hit up across the country, you'll want to know the cheapest time to travel. That way, you'll have enough cash to cover all the places on your list. GOBankingRates used airfare research from online travel site Hipmunk and compared hotel prices to find the most cost-friendly times to visit the most popular tourist destinations. Keep reading to discover the best and worst times to visit the most popular U.S. tourist attractions. View As: One Page Slides

Anaheim What you can visit here: Disneyland, Angel Stadium of Anaheim, Honda Center

Cheapest travel month: September

Most expensive travel month: July Situated between Los Angeles and San Diego, Anaheim is one of the most popular places to visit in Southern California. Although it's best known for tourist attractions like Disneyland, visitors can also catch the Anaheim Ducks play at the Honda Center or see the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim play at Angel Stadium. There's also Adventure City just a few miles outside of Disneyland that includes rides and a petting zoo. If you're headed to Disneyland — of course you are — learn the secrets to saving money at the happiest place on earth. The average airfare to Anaheim in September is $268, while the average hotel cost for the month is $101.67 a night.

Boston What you can visit here: Faneuil Hall Marketplace, the Freedom Trail, Cambridge

Cheapest travel month: May

Most expensive travel month: December Do Harvard, Beacon Hill, "Cheers" and MIT sound familiar? Boston boasts rich history, renowned education, cultural arts and diverse neighborhoods. Travelers don't want to miss the Freedom Trail, a 2.5-mile red-brick trek between Boston Commons and Bunker Hill. Faneuil Hall Marketplace, which dates back to 1742, is a must stop for shopping and people watching. Save time for Newbury Street, too, for upscale boutique shopping. And "Cheers" fans will want to stop by the legendary bar while checking out upscale Beacon Hill. The average airfare is $286 in May and the average hotel stay is $236 for the month. Boston might be one of the most expensive cities in the country, but it's still possible to travel to Beantown on a budget.

Chicago What you can visit here: Willis Tower, Millennium Park, John Hancock Center, Navy Pier

Cheapest travel month: January

Most expensive travel month: July Undoubtedly, Chicago is one of the best places to visit in the U.S. with its historical monuments, unique architecture, numerous museums and hip cultural scene. Tourists enjoy John Hancock Center, home to an observatory that's 1,000 feet up in the air and boasts a viewing platform that leans visitors over the edge of the building. Millions of people come to the Windy City to check out Millennium Park and see the Cloud Gate sculpture, known to most as "the bean." It's a gorgeous sculpture and it's free to visit. The average airfare in January is $201. The average hotel stay for January is $62 per night.

Grand Canyon What you can visit here: South Rim, museums, Desert View Point watchtower

Cheapest travel month: January

Most expensive travel month: June The Grand Canyon is one of the country's most visited tourist attractions. The South Rim of the famous nature attraction is open all year. Guests can attend a free ranger's program where you can learn more about the science and history of the Grand Canyon with a park ranger. Or, you can take a South Rim mule trip along the canyon rim. Don't forget to check out the watchtower at Desert View Point for views that stretch 100 miles on clear days. The average airfare in January is $278 and the average hotel stay for the month is $93.33 per night.

Great Smoky Mountains What you can visit here: waterfalls, wildlife viewing, historic buildings

Cheapest travel month: August

Most expensive travel month: February The Great Smoky Mountains offer hiking, fishing, skiing and scenic enjoyment from waterfalls to wildlife. One of the most popular destinations is Cades Cove — a valley surrounded by mountains that's perfect for wildlife viewing. Another must see is Cataloochee Valley, which features historic buildings. Touring the Great Smoky Mountains is a perfect thing to by car, making it one of America's best budget road trips. During August, the average airfare is $425 and the average hotel rate is $98.67.

Honolulu What you can visit here: Pearl Harbor, Makapuu Point, Waikiki Beach

Cheapest travel month: February

Most expensive travel month: July Honolulu is the capital of Hawaii and a bustling, cosmopolitan city. Pearl Harbor is a must-stop for history buffs. A visit to Waikiki should also be on your itinerary, as it's one of the most recognizable beaches in the world. Catch some surfing lessons there if you can. Activities in Hawaii can be expensive, but there are still plenty of ways to make your trip affordable. In February, the average airfare is $614 and the average hotel rate is $128.67 per night.

Lake Mead What you can visit here: Hoover Dam, Kingman Wash, Alan Bible Visitor Center

Cheapest travel month: January

Most expensive travel month: May If there are any scuba divers traveling in your group, then they'll know Lake Mead is considered one of the best freshwater lakes in the world for diving. In particular, Kingman Wash is a popular dive location with its gentle slope and is good for novice divers. Lake Mead also is only a few miles from the Hoover Dam, the second-highest dam in the U.S. The average airfare for January is $216 and hotels average $76 per night.

Las Vegas What you can visit here: casinos, hotels, Bellagio Fountains, High Roller Ferris wheel

Cheapest travel month: January

Most expensive travel month: May Sin City is one of the best places to travel in the country if you're into nightlife, gambling, live entertainment and gourmet grub. Visitors should check out The Venetian Las Vegas for a gondola ride and see the Vegas Strip by boat. The Bellagio Fountains are among the greatest water spectacles, so be sure to add that to your itinerary as well. Make time to catch a show, too. With hundreds to choose from, there's certainly one to fit anyone's taste. To catch the best deal, travel in January, when airline tickets average $216 and hotels average $172.67 per night.

Los Angeles What you can visit here: Hollywood Walk of Fame, Hollywood & Highland, the Chinese Theatre, Griffith Observatory

Cheapest travel month: September

Most expensive travel month: July The City of Angels is an important entertainment hub, home to Hollywood and production studios such as Paramount, Universal Studios and Warner Bros. If you're into film and the excitement of Hollywood, be sure to visit the Chinese Theater, the Hollywood Walk of Fame and the Hollywood & Highland Entertainment Center. Aside from all things Hollywood, make time for the Griffith Observatory for impressive views of the city, or check out the famous Santa Monica Pier. Head over to Rodeo Drive for celebrity sightseeing or high-end shopping. The average flight in September costs $268 and the average hotel room is $134 per night.

Mount Rushmore What you can visit here: Sculptor's Studio, Presidential Trail, Avenue of Flags

Cheapest travel month: December

Most expensive travel month: January/March More than 3 million visitors a year see the mountain carving of George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, Theodore Roosevelt and Abraham Lincoln. While here, take the Presidential Trail, which is a 0.6-mile trail that winds along the base of the mountain and offers a variety of views of the faces. For more history and exhibits, visit the Sculptor's Studio. Mount Rushmore is a cheap travel destination you'll actually want to visit. In December, airfare averages $477 and hotels average $151.33 per night.

New Orleans What you can visit here: French Quarter, museums, Bourbon Street

Cheapest travel month: January

Most expensive travel month: April The "Big Easy" is among the most popular tourist attractions in the country, known for its music, culture and food scene. Of course there's Mardi Gras, too, which is more than just beads on Bourbon Street. You can discover more about its history at several museums, including Blaine Kern's Mardi Gras World. French Quarter attractions include St. Louis Cathedral, the oldest continually active Roman Catholic cathedral in the U.S. The cheapest flights can be found in January at an average of $294, while hotel stays for the month average $91.67 per night.

New York What you can visit here: Central Park, Statue of Liberty, Empire State Building, Grand Central Station

Cheapest travel month: January

Most expensive travel month: July/November New York is home to numerous financial and cultural centers. Catch a Broadway show, head to Times Square or visit the Top of the Rock Observation Deck at Rockefeller Center, in addition to the classic attractions listed above. Visitors may also want to pay their respects at the National September 11 Memorial & Museum. Many of New York's most iconic landmarks are free to visit. In January, average airfares to New York are $261. Hotels average $83 per night.

Niagara Falls What you can visit here: the falls, Old Fort Niagara

Cheapest travel month: February

Most expensive travel month: July Where else can you see the breathtaking beauty that Niagara Falls creates? No matter the time of year, there's much to do beyond the tumbling waterfalls. One of the most popular destinations within Niagara Falls is Clifton Hill, also known as "the street of fun." There are attractions such as the Niagara Skywheel and themed restaurants, not to mention endless nightlife. For the best pricing, travel in February, when airfares average $282 and hotels average $48.33 nightly.

Orlando What you can visit here: Disney World, Universal Orlando Resort

Cheapest travel month: January

Most expensive travel month: November/December Disney World is one of the top tourist attractions in the country, with travelers visiting from across the globe. Guests will have to plan accordingly to visit all the main attractions, including the Magic Kingdom, Epcot, Hollywood Studios and the Animal Kingdom. Also in Orlando, Universal Studios Florida features the Wizarding World of Harry Potter. In January, you may have the best luck with pricing, with airline tickets averaging $198 and a hotel stay averaging $63.33 per day.

San Diego What you can visit here: SeaWorld, Balboa Park, Coronado Beach

Cheapest travel month: September

Most expensive travel month: July Balboa Park is a 1,200-acre park that's home to the popular San Diego Zoo, located in downtown San Diego. Visitors will also want to plan a trip to Coronado Beach and visit the Hotel del Coronado, a National Historic Landmark, as well as walk the 1.5-mile shoreline. Although you can catch wildlife at any of the beaches, SeaWorld is a must-stop attraction as there are no shows anywhere quite like this. September airfares average $312 and hotels average $111.33.

San Francisco What you can visit here: Golden Gate Bridge, Alcatraz, Pier 39

Cheapest travel month: February

Most expensive travel month: July No visit to San Francisco is complete without passing over the iconic Golden Gate Bridge. You'll also want to visit Fisherman's Wharf, which is home to the San Francisco Maritime National Historical Park, the Cannery Shopping Center and Ghirardelli Square, as well as several museums and popular restaurants. Don't forget to hop aboard a cable car and make a day trip to Alcatraz Island. Many of San Francisco's most breathtaking sights are also free to see. The best pricing can be found in February, with average flights at $346 and hotel stays averaging $145.67 nightly.

Seattle What you can visit here: Pike Place Market, Space Needle, Ballard Locks

Cheapest travel month: April

Most expensive travel month: June Seattle has many places to visit but some should not be missed, including the Space Needle and Pike Place Market. If you're into Ferris Wheels, the Seattle Great Wheel is one of the largest in the country. The Museum of Flight may also be of interest to aviation buffs. In April, the average cost of flights is $296, while hotel stays average $135.67 per night.

Washington, D.C. What you can visit here: National Mall, Smithsonian Museums, Union Station

Cheapest travel month: January

Most expensive travel month: July The nation's capital is one of the most popular tourist attractions in the country, from Union Station to the Lincoln Memorial. The city offers an abundance of Smithsonian Museums for your enjoyment — they're some of the best museums in the world, and they're all free to visit. You can also paddle on the Potomac River or visit popular neighborhoods like Georgetown and Dupont Circle. For best travel pricing, visit in January when the average flight is $269 and the average hotel stay is $103.67 nightly.

Yellowstone What you can visit here: Old Faithful Geyser, Grand Canyon of the Yellowstone

Cheapest travel month: April

Most expensive travel month: June Yellowstone has something to appeal to every outdoor enthusiast. One of the top tourist attractions is Old Faithful, where up to 8,400 gallons of boiling water reach heights of 106 to 184 feet in the air. Lower Falls of the Grand Canyon is one of the most photographed areas of Yellowstone. The best pricing for a trip to Yellowstone is in April, when flights are $514 on average and hotel stays average $73.33 per night. When you visit, watch out for these hidden Yellowstone expenses.http://www.businessinsider.com/the-secret-to-getting-anything-you-want-in-life-is-what-you-dont-do-2017-11What you don't do affects you more than what you do — and it's the secret to getting anything you want in lifeYou can't have everything you want — but you can have anything you want.

Choice isn't about selecting the things that appeal the most to you — it should be about deciding what to eliminate.

Reducing distractions is more important than adding commitments.

By using a selection filter and eliminating distractions, you can focus on the most important things.



Daniel Day-Lewis isn't as big of a household name as he should be. You may recognize his face from movies like Gangs of New York and Lincoln, if you're someone who watches a lot of films, but he's not exactly a man who turns up in celebrity gossip magazines or on every other talk show.

His quiet personal reputation, however, stands in opposition to the acclaim that he has received in the broader Hollywood community.

He has been awarded the Academy Award for Best Actor on three different occasions. That's more than any other male actor in history.

It isn't just a stroke of luck, either. Day-Lewis is widely considered to be one of the most talented actors of his generation, if not one of the all-time greats. In 2014, he was given a knighthood at the Buckingham Palace for his services to the art of Drama by the Royal Family of England.

Interestingly, there are a lot of visible differences between his approach to his art compared to that of the majority of other people who act.

For one, he is known as a method actor. He fully commits to every role he plays by literally living it out in his own life. There have been times when he has remained in character throughout the whole shooting schedule of a film, even to the point of hurting his health.

He also rarely engages the world in his personal life, and there are very few interviews and public appearances of him beyond the promotion of his films.

The most curious thing about him, however, is that he has only starred in 6 different films since 1998, with occasional gaps of 5 years between projects.

While most successful people are prolific, Lewis has made a career out of being un prolific. Something doesn't add up.

You're never just choosing

There is this pithy quote by the French author Antoine de Saint-Exupery that, when translated to English, goes something like the following,

"Perfection is achieved not when there is nothing left to add, but when there is nothing left to take away."

You'll often find that designers, in particular, appreciate this line of thinking — the reason being that most visual art is as much inspired by what isn't directly there as it is by what is. The blank space around an object paints as much of the picture as does whatever the central focus is.

Most of us have an intuitive bias when we think about choice. It's the opposite of the above method of thought. We often look at choice as a matter of selection. We see different avenues and options, and we directly try to choose the one that seemingly appeals to us the most.

This way of deciding isn't just abstract, but it also overlooks that most of the time the act of selection is as much about saying "no" as it is about saying "yes." In fact, the habit of saying "no" is often more important.

When the bias towards choosing is looked at as a process of saying "yes," we also get in our own way, because if that's the default answer, then you are likely to say "yes" to far more things than you should, and that's generally one of the biggest ways to misallocate your focus.

More often than not, your life isn't determined by what you select, but it's influenced more heavily by what you eliminate. It's inspired by reducing distractions, not by adding commitments.

This reversal of thinking gives us a little more insight into how Daniel Day-Lewis manages to successfully do what he does.

The power of a selection filter

The average big movie star comes out with a new film every year or so.

If we imagine a career spanning the length of time in which Day-Lewis only released 6 new movies, then we can guess that most actors or actresses of similar acclaim would have put out something in the range of 15 to 20 films.

That's three times the output. What could he be doing with that time?

Well, for Gangs of New York, he hired his own butcher to apprentice with so he could perfect one small part of his role. While filming, he maintained a New York accent throughout, and he refused to wear a warmer so that he could stay in his role even when he was sick with pneumonia.

In preparation for Lincoln, he is said to have asked the director Steven Spielberg for a full year to just prepare for the role. In that time, he read over 100 books and worked with make-up artists to sculpt his body like Lincoln's.

While this is fairly extreme, it explains how he does what he does. He has a tight selection filter for projects that protects him from doing anything other than what he really needs to focus on to be at his best. In fact, he even rejected the role of Abraham Lincoln when he first received it.

The fact that he says "no" to so many other projects allows him to fully say "yes" to the ones that truly matter in a way that few others do.

Granted, most stars don't put as much into each project as Day-Lewis, but it's apparent among the successful ones that they, too, have their own selection filters. If they're working on a new movie every year, and they do it well, then they tend to limit outside projects even if the opportunity is there.

Selection filters protect you from wasting your time on anything but the important stuff. That focus is what ultimately makes the difference.

Can you really have anything?

It would be naive to suggest that anyone can do absolutely anything they want. There are far too many variables that come into play.

That said, it's also not too far away from the truth. Most of the things that hold people back from getting what they want are imagined. Excuses like lacking talent or time can be real, of course, but they're often not.

The real problem is generally a lack of focus, long-term dedication, and an unwillingness to sacrifice something good for something great.

You can't quite have everything that you want, and that's a given.

You can't have every movie you make be considered a masterpiece while also making a new one every year or so. You can't decide that you want to be someone who is open to every new project, while still hoping that you can make exponential progress in the one area that really matters.

The trade-offs always exist. Yet, if you have strong selection filters, and if you can get comfortable with the idea of committing to just one or two things for an extended period of time, then there is practically nothing you can't do.

It's almost impossible not to make a breakthrough in something that becomes a singular commitment. Most people just aren't comfortable with that idea.

Another way to put it is like this — the chances are that you can have anything you want, but that also means you can't have everything you want.

Your life is shaped by what you say "no" to. Reject wisely.

Want to think and live smarter? Zat Rana publishes a free weekly newsletter for 10,000+ readers at Design Luck.http://www.businessinsider.com/best-tech-gifts-under-100-dollars-201730 tech gifts under $100 for everyone in your lifeThe Insider Picks team writes about stuff we think you'll like. Business Insider has affiliate partnerships, so we get a share of the revenue from your purchase. The holiday shopping season is here, and while the season really is about spending time with the people you love and (hopefully) taking it a little easier, there's also going to be presents. If you're stumped about what to get this year, don't worry, Insider Picks has you covered. Below, you'll find 30 great tech gifts under $100, covering everything from iPhone cases and charging cables to Bluetooth speakers and smart home accessories. Whether the person you're buying for is a tech lover, or someone who needs a little help using the latest gadgets, you'll find what you're looking in this list. Having trouble figuring out what to get someone for the holidays? Browse all of Insider Picks' 2017 holiday gift guides here. View As: One Page Slides

A turntable Help your friend start the vinyl collection they've been talking about for the past few years, or let your parents rediscover theirs with this turntable. Audio-Technica has been making turntables for over half a century, and while this isn't its highest-end option, it's the best you'll find in this price range. Audio Technica Fully Automatic Belt-Drive Stereo Turntable, $99, available at Amazon

An e-reader If someone on your list loves to read, do them a favor and get them a Kindle. The famous e-reader has a screen that doesn't glare in the sun, lasts for days between charges, and holds hundreds of books. Nothing will replace a real book, but the convenience of having a shelf's worth of books ready at all times can't be overstated. For more info on the Kindle and all your e-reader options, check out our buying guide. Kindle, $79.99, available at Amazon

Philips Hue smart light bulbs Besides the fun you can have by controlling smart light bulbs with your voice (a smart home hub, like the Amazon Echo, is required) or Philips' app, there's also a lot of utility to be gained from using them. Setting your lights on a timer can discourage potential intruders from entering a house, or save an older relative from having to get up and flip on light switches over on the other side of a room. Philips Hue White Ambiance Smart Bulb Starter Kit, $99.99, available at Amazon

A custom Xbox controller Microsoft's design process for custom Xbox One controllers is simple and intuitive, and the amazing controllers you can create using it will help the avid gamer in your life stand out when playing with their friends. You can draw inspiration from controllers that have already been customized by the Xbox community, or base your design off the colors of their favorite sports team or video game character. Design a custom Xbox One controller here, from $79.99

An external battery pack Everyone knows the anxiety of watching your phone's battery drain more quickly than you expected it to. Save your family member that frustration by buying them an external battery pack. Anker's is compact enough to fit in a small bag or pocket, and can fully recharge most phones once. Anker PowerCore 10000, $25.99, available at Amazon

A Google Home Mini smart speaker If the person you're buying for would prefer to have their questions answered and smart home accessories controlled by a Google accessory instead of an Amazon one, the Google Home Mini is the best choice. Google Home Mini, $49, available at Best Buy

A digital picture frame We're taking more pictures than ever, but the only place we really display them anymore is on social media. If you've got a less tech-savvy relative who wants to keep up with family events, this digital picture frame would be a great gift. Nix's frame can show photos and videos from an SD Card, so load it with new shots every time you visit to keep it updated. NIX 8" Digital Photo Frame with Motion Sensor, $79.99, available at Amazon

A FitBit Flex The FitBit Flex can track your friend's daily activity, has a battery that lasts up to five days, and is totally waterproof. If you know someone who wants to be more active in 2018, this can help them track their progress and hit their goals. FitBit Flex, $59.95, available at Amazon

A Google Cardboard headset There's no better budget VR experience than the one you can get with Google Cardboard. Google Cardboard is a headset made out of, well, cardboard. Instead of connecting to a high-powered computer, you slide your smartphone into the headset and you're in VR. Kind of. While it's not as immersive as a higher-end VR solution, Google Cardboard is seriously impressive. Official Google Cardboard, $15, available at Amazon

A Bluetooth audio receiver for older cars Still the best upgrade I've made to my car, this Bluetooth receiver accepts audio wirelessly and outputs it through a standard Aux port. This means you can turn almost any car speaker system into a wireless one without having to replace anything. AUKEY Bluetooth Audio Transmitter, $28.99, available at Amazon

A car charger with 2 USB ports Even if we don't use our gadgets in the car, they still need to be charged. Trust me. Anker's charger has two USB ports, so you and your friend can charge your devices without having to fight over who goes first. Anker 24W Dual USB Car Charger, $9.99, available at Amazon

An external hard drive Data loss is one of the most frustrating problems people encounter in today's digital world. Help your friend or family member back up their computer by buying a giant external hard drive. It'll store all of their data locally, so they won't have to exclusively rely on the cloud. Seagate Expansion 2TB Portable External Hard Drive, $67.99, available at Amazon

A waterproof Bluetooth speaker JBL's Flip 4 impressed me by surviving underwater for 15 minutes. If you live in a warm climate, or know a beach or pool bum, this is a fun and practical gift. JBL Flip 4 Waterproof Portable Bluetooth Speaker, $79, available at Amazon

A pocket-sized Bluetooth speaker There are bound to be a few times when you've thought, "It'd be great to bring a speaker, but it's too big." Anker's SoundCore Nano easily fits in a pocket, sounds good, and will almost certainly come in handy the next time your giftee wants to listen to some tunes with friends without bringing a bag. Anker SoundCore Nano, $20.99, available at Amazon

A media streamer Amazon's new Fire TV can do a lot for a media streamer that's less than $100, like output 4K HDR video and control smart home accessories using its Alexa-enabled remote. All-New Fire TV, $69.99, available at Amazon

A Raspberry Pi This bundle includes a Raspberry Pi and all the necessary accessories you need to start using it right of the box. There are infinite uses for the pocketable computer, from a media server to light gaming machine. Anyone who's interested in tech, especially kids interested in STEM pursuits, will love it. CanaKit Raspberry Pi 3 Complete Starter Kit, $69.99, available at Amazon

A Tile key finder Everyone has that one person in their life who can't help but lose things every once in a while. The Tile Mate will help them locate their belongings through an app on their phone, complete with a map that has its last known location. Tile Mate, $24.99, available at Amazonhttp://www.businessinsider.com/solution-scientists-have-avoid-stress-eating-2017-6This science-backed tip makes people eat less when they're stressedThis video was first published in 2016.

It has happened to all of us — you get home from an exhausting day of work and eat all the junk food you see around: pizza, beer and chips. Why does the body crave for that, instead of a salad? Here is the simple solution to keep stress eating away. Following is a transcript of the video.



Do your stressful days end like this? You're not alone. Researchers studied eating habits of 125 people. They were working in an information-tech firm in China.

For 3 weeks, participants recorded daily: Work demands and stress, eating habits at dinner, sleep quality.

The results point to a simple way to kick bad eating habits, get a better night's rest. People who had a stressful workday often: chose unhealthy food for dinner, ate more food for dinner.

But that all changed if they slept well the night before. When workers slept better they often ate better the next day, despite still being stressed.

Why the change? It could be that great sleep helps us deal with stress better. Stress attacks our self-control. So, stress makes it harder to stick with personal goals like eating healthy.

The next time you're tempted to eat the day away think about treating yourself to a good night's sleep instead.http://www.businessinsider.com/reid-hoffman-career-life-2017-11How the billionaire founder of LinkedIn turned his dream of being a 'public intellectual' into a life as one of Silicon Valley's most prominent investorsReid Hoffman is the billionaire cofounder of LinkedIn and an influential tech investor.

He has a masters in philosophy from Oxford and considers it useful to his approach to business.

His role as a prominent speaker and writer on entrepreneurship and careers is the result of a childhood ambition to be a "public intellectual."

The teenager who loved Dungeons and Dragons and philosophy is still a fundamental part of Reid Hoffman, one of the most influential people in Silicon Valley. In an interview for Business Insider's podcast "Success! How I Did It," the billionaire founder of LinkedIn explained that the ability to strategize he honed playing complex board games and the intense analytical skills he acquired studying dense philosophical tracts are crucial to the way he approaches business, despite lacking a standard business education. Hoffman took us through his remarkable and unusual path. View As: One Page Slides

Hoffman was born in Palo Alto, California, in 1957, and grew up in Berkeley. His parents were both lawyers and leftist activists.

Hoffman's babysitter introduced him to Dungeons and Dragons when he was 10, kicking off a new love of strategy and role-playing games. At 12, a game maker hired him for a one-time consulting role on a new game after he pointed out their last game's flaws. "There's nothing obsessive like a kid," Hoffman told us, referring to his game-playing habit. "I spent literally days and days and days and days just doing that and that led me to a sense of strategy which was then, of course, very helpful when I later got to my entrepreneurial and business life."

He had what he now considers an early desire to be independent, and convinced his parents to send him to the progressive boarding school Putney, in Vermont. This wasn't like the Dead Poets Society — Hoffman learned blacksmithing, woodworking, and farming techniques in addition to his academic studies. The Putney School's magazine The Putney Post interviewed several of Hoffman's classmates and teachers in 2009, and learned that Hoffman was an introspective kid who displayed his intelligence in class discussions. While Hoffman was picked on for what teenagers would consider his love of "nerdy" things, he has only had good things to say as an adult about his time at Putney. He said there was "a very pragmatic kind of 'work on solving the problem' versus 'being an expert within a discipline,'" at the school, and that he is grateful for learning that you could take "this kind of entrepreneurial focus on a personal life," instead of associating his future self with a single title like "product manager," "artist," or "lawyer."

He headed back to California after high school to study at Stanford, where he found more people like himself, including his future fellow billionaire investor, Peter Thiel. Hoffman met Thiel when they were sophomores, and at that point Hoffman had a reputation for being a "pinko commie" and Thiel a "libertarian wacko," as Hoffman joked in an episode of his podcast "Masters of Scale." It was this contentious dynamic that proved to be the heart of their unlikely bond. This friendship would go on to be one of the most impactful in Silicon Valley's history.

Hoffman graduated Stanford in 1990 with a bachelor's degree in Symbolic Systems, a uniquely Stanford concentration that essentially combines computer science and applied philosophy.

He decided that he was going to pursue a career path of "public intellectual," and went to Oxford as a Marshall Scholar to get his master's in philosophy. He completed his studies in 1993. He told us that his favorite philosophers are Aristotle, Friedrich Nietzsche, and Ludwig Wittgenstein. Hoffman said he realized at Oxford that if he went into academia, he would be focused on writing for an academic community rather than pursuing his long-held, highly ambitious guiding question, "How do I help humanity evolve?" He does not remotely regret the education he received, but decided to go into tech. Why? He told us that while at Stanford, he saw how entrepreneurs were building businesses with the intention of improving the world, and he became a true believer.

In December of 1998, Thiel told Hoffman he should join him at his pioneering online payments company, PayPal. Hoffman began as a founding board member and then joined full time in 2000, officially joining the so-called "PayPal Mafia" of future tech icons like Elon Musk and the founders of YouTube. When eBay acquired PayPal for $1.5 billion in 2002, PayPal's stacked team of brilliant executives with alpha personalities went off to start their own companies, fueled by newly grown bank accounts.

Hoffman used his PayPal money to revisit the notion of social networks. He gathered four of his friends and former colleagues and founded LinkedIn in 2002 as a hub for ambitious professionals.

In 2004, a 20-year-old college dropout named Mark Zuckerberg approached Hoffman to see if he had interest in either his social startup The Facebook or his file transfer service Wirehog. Hoffman was intrigued but didn't want to be a lead investor in a potential deal, since he was building his own social network. He called up Thiel and they met with Zuckerberg. Hoffman told us that he and Thiel found Zuckerberg to a painfully awkward kid, but they made a deal — the first investment into Facebook — and Thiel joined the company's board. The two have served as friends and advisers to Zuckerberg over the past 15 years, and Hoffman told us that he's never seen anyone else make such a radical transformation into a high-functioning and visionary CEO than Zuck. "I am learning from a bunch of things that he does," Hoffman said.

Also in 2004, Hoffman married Michelle Yee, his girlfriend since his days at Stanford. Hoffman told Wired in 2012 that Yee prefers to stay out of the spotlight.

Hoffman acted as LinkedIn's CEO for four years but stepped back in 2007 once it had sufficient momentum, remaining as chairman. He gave the CEO role to Dan Nye, but replaced him with former Yahoo exec Jeff Weiner a year later. Weiner has remained in the role. Hoffman and Weiner have had a close working relationship and Weiner became one of the most lauded CEOs in any industry. "Part of what made it very clear very early that Jeff was the right CEO is that he had actually really started embodying, acting as a founder," Hoffman said. LinkedIn went public in 2011.

LinkedIn maintained healthy growth in terms of users and innovative offerings, but was still lagging behind investors' expectations in early 2016. Hoffman and Weiner decided that what would be best for LinkedIn would be to join a larger company, and announced a $26.2 billion acquisition by Microsoft that June. The deal closed last December and Hoffman joined Microsoft's board, with Weiner still at the helm and the promise that LinkedIn would act as an independent subsidiary of Microsoft. Hoffman told us the decision was very difficult but that he and his executive team ultimately decided that after discussions with Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella and his team about his goals and theirs, "There was a natural alignment of those missions, and we realized that we could better reach our mission combined."

Parallel to his role building LinkedIn into the world's largest professional network, Hoffman became one of the Valley's most sought after and well-connected investors. He became a partner with the venture capital firm Greylock in 2009, where he's made deals like his highly profitable one in Airbnb. Through his investments, Hoffman has built an incredible network of entrepreneurs and executives in tech.http://www.businessinsider.com/narcissists-follow-a-love-script-2017-11Narcissists follow a 'love script' to draw people in — and then dump themNarcissists, according to psychologists, all use the same script when dating.

"Love bombing" is when the narcissist is at first overly affectionate with his partner.

Partners who use "love scripts" lack empathy and persuade their significant others to change to fit their idea of perfection.

Through manipulation and control, narcissists make their partners feel devalued and insecure.

"The Narcissistic Love Script" is the term that I recently invented to describe the very detailed and highly specific fantasy that many Narcissistic men construct about their perfect romantic relationship.

Instead of expecting to co-create a relationship with their new lover, they expect her to seamlessly fit into their pre-existing relationship script. Her role is to embody all of his fantasies about his ideal woman, including how she should look, dress, and behave in public.

Unfortunately, it is highly unlikely that any real woman will perfectly fit into the role he has assigned her. As a result, these relationships are usually doomed from the start.

If you have ever been in a romantic relationship where you started out being told that you were "the most wonderful woman in the world" and then found yourself devalued and dumped, you have probably been a victim of a "Narcissistic Love Script."

After hearing dozens of women discuss very similar painful experiences with what turn out to be highly Narcissistic men, I began to realize that all of their relationships went through virtually the same five stages. I have named them: (1) Courtship, (2) Persuasion, (3) Devaluation, (4) Control, and (5) Discard.

Stage 1 — Courtship: "love bombing"

Many of my clients have used the term "love bombing" to describe how blissful and well-loved they felt during the "Courtship Stage" of their relationship. They were told, "You are the most wonderful woman in the world. You are perfect. Even your flaws are adorable!" They were taken to wonderful restaurants, showered with thoughtful gifts, and received daily texts telling them how they were perfect and special. At this stage, the man may even talk about marriage and want to plan a summer vacation together.

What is going on: Although some Narcissistic men are players and are not sincerely expecting to spend the rest of their life with you, many are perfectly sincere when they tell you how perfect you are. Unfortunately, they are not actually seeing you at all, only the role in their "Love Script" that they have projected onto you. You have value in their eyes because they believe that they are finally going to get everything that they want in a mate. It is all about them, not you.

If you would like to better understand why someone would ever construct a "Love Script," you might want to consider how many times you have listened to your girlfriends discuss their perfect wedding: the details of their dress, what the bridesmaids will wear, and whether the affair will be rustic or formal. In its own way, the "Wedding Script" is a shortened version of the "Love Script." The main difference being that she is only planning a day around her desires, while he is planning a lifetime — and, of course, most women would not give up the man they love simply because he is not willing to perfectly fulfill her wedding fantasy. The person is more important to her than the "picture."

Stage 2 — Persuasion

As the two of you get to know each other better, your Narcissistic beau begins to notice the ways that you do not fit into his "Love Script." The romantic fantasy is still intact because he believes that you are still potentially perfect, just in need of a bit of guidance. As he has spent his life playing a role and pretending to himself and everyone else that he is perfect, special, omnipotent, and entitled; he does not see anything odd in asking you to play a role as well. He will begin to make suggestions on how you might improve yourself — translation: how to fit his script better.

Example: Jim and Carole

Jim: "I want every man at the party to see how beautiful you are. Please, take off that outfit and put on the one I picked out for you. You are so incredibly sexy in that short red dress and heels."

Carole: "It just doesn't feel like me. I would be more comfortable in lower heels and the dress that I picked out."

Narcissistic One-Mindedness and Lack of Empathy: Now they have their first real fight because Jim cannot believe that preppy, conservative Carole does not want to be the sexiest woman at the party. This is an example of Narcissistic "One-Mindedness" — the inability to understand that viewpoints other than their own can also be valid. Jim's behavior also demonstrates a complete lack of empathy for how Carole is feeling. A lack of empathy is a hallmark of Narcissistic disorders. Jim and Carole actually never do get to the party. It is more important to Jim that he go there with his vision of the perfect woman on his arm, than simply go and have a good time with Carole. If he cannot be the envy of every man there, "What's the point in going?" he thinks.

Stage 3 — Devaluation & object constancy

If you resist being made over to suit your man's ideas and insist on being yourself, he will first be puzzled and then he will start to devalue you. Unfortunately, individuals who suffer from Narcissistic disorders do not have "object constancy." Object constancy is the psychological term for the ability to maintain your positive feelings for someone while you feel hurt, disappointed, frustrated, or angry with the person. It is usually developed during childhood, but it requires that the parents who are raising the child have that ability themselves. Object constancy is the glue that keeps relationships together. Everyone has disagreements, but if you can remember that you love the person while you are fighting with him, it limits how much damage you are likely to do to the relationship and each other.

If Carole, in the above example, had gone along with Jim's desire and been persuaded to put on sexier clothing, Jim would have been satisfied. The romantic glow would have returned and his hurt, anger, and disappointment would have vanished because she had changed to fit his "Love Script." But because Carole refused, whatever little amount of object constancy that he possessed has now disappeared and along with it, Jim's positive feelings for Carole. Now that Carole is off her pedestal, no longer perfect, and not amenable to persuasion, the devaluing begins. The purpose of the devaluing is two-fold: part of it is simply an attempt to change Carole so that she will fit into Jim's "Love Script" and the other part punishes her for not giving him what he wants. If being nice has not gotten Jim what he wants, he is quite willing to be nasty. After all, without empathy or object constancy, there are no negative emotional consequences for him. His capacity for real interpersonal intimacy with a woman is quite underdeveloped. Devaluing Carole is just another tool to get what he wants.

Jim: "I don't understand how you can be so stupid. Why would you pick a fight with me over something like clothing?" (And now he has reframed the fight as all her fault). "You dress like a lawyer, not a beautiful woman who wants to be attractive to men. Don't you even care how I feel?" (Again, he is reframing the situation with him as the victim, not Carole).

Drawing a Boundary: This is the time to either leave the relationship or draw a clear boundary that says that you will not accept being spoken to like that. If you do not, he will take it as permission to continue to devalue you whenever he feels annoyed. The good times will gradually diminish, and the bad times will increase. Many women try and ignore the devaluing in the hope that it will go away on its own and the lovely "Love Bombing" will return. Unfortunately, it will not return because he no longer sees you as the perfect embodiment of all his relationship fantasies. You are off your pedestal.

Stage 4 — Control

Now that you have resisted your Narcissistic mate's attempts to remake you to fit his "Love Script" and he has gotten used to devaluing you without significant consequences, he is likely to shift to attempting to control you. Why, you might ask, does he not break up with you at this point and go find a different woman, if he is so unhappy? The answer is usually the following:

He would have to admit that he was wrong to choose you — and Narcissists cannot take the blame for anything without feeling deeply shamed.

He takes it as a personal attack on him when you refuse to go along with his plans.

Dominating you makes him feel powerful again. When you said "no" to him, he saw your lack of submission to his wishes as you trying to dominate him — something he believes he simply cannot allow.

Jim: "We are not going out of the house with you looking like that. You had better change or else."

Carole: "But I like the way I look."

Jim: "Too bad. Everyone knows you have no taste. Either change or we're not going out."

The attempts to control you are likely to escalate. He may start treating you like a small child and review your every decision.

Jim: "I noticed you made plans to see your sister on Saturday. Don't you think you should have checked with me first? Call her now and tell her you need to cancel."

He may also start reading your emails and texts and comment on them. When you tell him not to do this because you want some privacy, he makes it about you and not him: "What? Do you have something to hide?"

Stage 5 — The discard

If you stayed long enough to reach this stage, your self-esteem and sense of inner calm are likely to be in tatters. If you are not living together or married, your Narcissistic man may pick one last angry fight, leave you in tears, and throw a final devaluing statement about you back over his shoulder as he stomps out the door. Others simply disappear and will not reply to your texts or calls, leaving you without closure and forever puzzled about what happened.

You are actually quite lucky if any of the above occurs. If you are living together or married, it is likely to get even uglier. He feels as if he is the aggrieved party and you have been nothing but a disappointment. He once thought that you were his princess, but now he can clearly see that he has to take his glass slipper and look elsewhere.

Elinor Greenberg, PhD, CGP is in private practice in NYC and the author of the book "Borderline, narcissistic, and Schizoid Adaptations: The Pursuit of Love, Admiration and Safety."

Read the original article on Psychology Today. Copyright 2017.http://www.businessinsider.com/13-things-a-movie-theater-employee-wont-tell-you-2017-1113 things a movie theater employee won’t tell youMovie theater employees in California, Illinois, and Indiana share their secrets of working in a cinemaplex.

They say the theaters aren't as clean as you would like to think, and popcorn sizes are all relative. View As: One Page Slides

There's a reason the popcorn smells so good Why does it smell so good? The popcorn has chemicals in it to make its aroma fill the theater. Try this recipe for making amazing DIY popcorn in your microwave instead.

We purposely use lower quality “Extreme Digital” is actually lower quality than IMAX digital. We use it because it’s easier to maintain. Did you know that movie theaters used to ban popcorn?! This is why.

Concessions make us money For the first month or two of screening, money from ticket sales goes to movie studios. Theaters rely on concession stands to make money. That’s why concessions are overpriced. Popcorn costs almost nothing to make. Make sure you always follow this etiquette at the movie theater.

Don't try to sneak in I know all the methods you use to sneak in. I just don't always care enough to kick you out for it.

Stick to classic movie snacks The only foods I trust are the popcorn, drinks, and boxed candy. I wouldn't eat the pretzels, hot dogs, or nachos.

Managers try to keep things calm Chances are, if you complain to the manager and he sides with you, he's just putting on a show to calm you down. The manager might pretend to yell at me for a minute, but he'll pat me on the back the moment you're out of sight.

Do the math on combination deals Combination deals don't save you money at some theaters. You'd pay the same price if you purchased the items separately.

Popcorn sizes are always changing Think you're saving calories by ordering a small popcorn? That “small” popcorn could have been a medium last month. Try out these healthier versions of your favorite junk food.

Microwave foods take a while Stop getting angry that your food isn't ready. Microwaves can't cook frozen pizzas in 30 seconds!

Don't ask for extra cups No, I can't give you extra cups. Everything is inventoried at the end of the night.

There's not a lot of time to clean Your suspicions are correct. Sometimes I sweep excess food under the seats. Movies often end every few minutes. Sometimes, three or more screenings end at the same time. I don’t always have time to clean everything up.

Yes, movies start late But they almost always end on time – otherwise, the ushers wouldn't know when to clean up. Theaters tell you to come in early so you have time to watch commercials and previews.http://www.businessinsider.com/navy-seal-jocko-willink-thinks-iphones-could-change-north-korea-government-regime-2017-11A former Navy SEAL commander has a solution to the North Korea crisis that doesn't involve warJocko Willink, a former Navy SEAL commander, host of the "Jocko Podcast," and the author of "Discipline Equals Freedom: Field Manual," reveals an unconventional idea to deal with North Korea's nuclear ambitions. Following is a full transcript of the video.

Jocko Willink: Hi, I'm Jocko Willink. I'm retired from the military and just wrote a book called "Discipline Equals Freedom: Field Manual."

People ask me if I'm worried about the threat, a nuclear threat from North Korea, and I think it is something you have to be concerned about. Obviously they have the weapons. They have the technology. It may not be perfect, but it doesn't have to be perfect for them to do some real damage. So it’s something we have to be very cautious of — we have to pay attention to. And we need to be careful.

One of my most popular tweets that I have put out was, surprisingly — it was a remark that I made about someone asked me about what to do in North Korea. I replied that the thing to do would be to drop 25 million iPhones into North Korea and then give them free Wi-Fi satellite coverage. And of course, you know, some people came back and said, “Well, how would they get power for the phones?” And people broke down the strategic plan.

It wasn't meant in that way. What it was meant to say is there's people in North Korea that are living under severe repression under a brutal dictator. They starve. They don't have energy. They don't have food. They don't have progress.

It is a nightmare to live there. And the only reason that some of them continue to go on in that lifestyle is because they believe the propaganda they've been given. And I do think that if you could give them the truth about what the rest of the world was like, they would probably take care of that problem themselves.http://www.businessinsider.com/barbara-corcoran-brains-without-beauty-isnt-enough-2017-11Barbara Corcoran says having brains without beauty isn't enough to get aheadBarbara Corcoran is a real-estate mogul and an investor on the ABC series "Shark Tank."

She says business people should play up any advantage they have — even if that advantage is being attractive.

"I wore flashy bright-colored suits, short skirts, I had great legs. That was my best asset. I flaunted them, no doubt about it," she says.

Common sense and intelligence matter, she says, but you need something to help you stand out.

That point has caused some controversy and gotten her considerable media attention.



Barbara Corcoran knows how to make the most of things.

In the 1970s, she got into the real estate business with a $1,000 loan from her then-boyfriend. In 2001, she sold her own brokerage firm, The Corcoran Group, for $66 million.

On an episode of Business Insider's podcast, "Success! How I Did It," Corcoran told US editor-in-chief Alyson Shontell that over the course of her career, she's taken every opportunity to stand out.

To make it in an industry traditionally dominated by men, she said, "I wore flashy bright-colored suits, short skirts, I had great legs. That was my best asset. I flaunted them, no doubt about it."

Corcoran told Shontell that the"dumb blonde" card — or the "dumb anything" card, for that matter — can come in handy. "People underestimate you," she said.

When asked if those are good strategies for women to use even in a Harvey Weinstein world, Corcoran replied, "of course" because "all marketing is good marketing."

She continued:

"Any opportunity you have to stand apart from the pack — which starts with you, if you're owning the company, you're the leader of the company, you're a billboard. As are your managers...So sure, I would do the same today.

"The great advantage I had — and still have, because I travel mostly in a man's world still — is just by being a woman I stand apart from the pack. I never saw it as a liability. I saw that as an advantage. Like, 'Look, I'm the only girl in the room.' They might not remember my name but they'll say, 'The girl in the room,' where they wouldn't say, 'One of the 50 boys in a room.' Right? So no, I think you just have to play up whatever you can to get positive attention, because attention brings business."

When Shontell then asked if "you can get ahead just by brains instead of beauty as a woman," Corcoran basically said no.

"I don't think anyone...Listen. Think about what a consumer has: They have ears, they have a mouth, they have a nose, and they have eyes," Corcoran replied.

"So you're asking, 'Can you get ahead trying to ignore the eyes of the consumer?' No. 'The eyes of the boss of the colleague?' No!"

Corcoran's point about standing out as a woman is controversial

Corcoran has been beating this drum for a while. In 2003, she published a book titled, "If You Don't Have Big Breasts, Put Ribbons in Your Pigtails."

In 2016, Corcoran remarked in a since-deleted tweet, "I find running a #business in a man’s world to be a huge advantage. I wear bright colors, yank up my skirt + get attention." The tweet generated significant media attention — and controversy. Corcoran appeared on ABC's "Good Morning America" and defended her stance, adding:

"It is not an easy game to build a business. You have to be thinking all the time and using every bit of common sense and great intelligence to work in business. That’s a given. But assuming you have five people with equal intelligence working equally hard, the person who knows to grab attention is going to be the one that gets noticed and gets put ahead."

To be an effective marketer and rise through the ranks, you have to use everything at your disposal, she said. "You're in a visual world," she told Shontell. You don't just have to look good, Corcoran says, you have to smell good too.

She continued:

"You have to use everything. You have to be well-spoken, communicate clearly so people aren't trying to figure out what the hell you're saying. You have to look good. You have to look the part. You even have to smell good — you can't go into work smelling bad — you're not going to get ahead on that one, right? So you've got all your barrels going. You know, you just have to use every advantage you can."http://www.businessinsider.com/best-gifts-for-dad-father-201750 thoughtful gifts your dad actually wants this holiday seasonDads can be hard to shop for during the holiday season.

From socks to a modern record player, this gift guide has the perfect item for every type of dad. It can be hard to find the perfect gifts for your loved ones during the holiday season, and dads are known to be particularly tricky. Whether your dad is sporty, stylish, or outdoorsy, we picked 50 gifts that are suitable for every type of guy. From a durable tumbler cup to an ancestry genetic test kit, we've got you covered when it comes to gifts your dad will love. Having trouble figuring out what to get people for the holidays? You can check out all of Insider Picks' 2017 gift guides here. View As: One Page Slides

A sleek leather wallet, $89.95 This slim leather wallet is perfect for dads who prefer minimalist accessories. It comes in 12 colors, so you’ll be able to find the perfect match. Bellroy Leather Note Sleeve Wallet, available at Amazon, $89.95

A gold and leather watch, $249 You can't go wrong with a watch for a holiday gift. This Italian-style leather and gold watch is a timeless option that any dad will love. Filippo Loreti Rome Gold Watch, available at Filippo Loreti, $249

A box of high-quality steaks, $59.99 For the culinary dad, there's nothing better than a box of his favorite filet mignons, top sirloins, and steak burgers. Omaha Steaks n' Burgers Gift Box, available at Omaha Steaks, $59.99

A high-tech sous vide that connects to your smart phone, $196.01 If your dad is adventurous in the kitchen, this sous vide appliance will definitely be on his wish list this year. ChefSteps Joule Sous Vide, available at Amazon, $196.01

A cozy pullover fleece, $129 Patagonia is known for its high quality active wear, so you can't go wrong with a pullover made from cozy fleece. Patagonia Retro Pile Fleece Pullover, available at Patagonia, $129

A pair of soft lounge pants, $74 These joggers are perfect for the stylish dad who still loves to be comfortable. Tommy John Lounge Jogger, available at Tommy John, $74

A 10-pack of soft and stylish underwear, $150 MeUndies are a hot ticket item this holiday season. Made from MicroModal and elastane, the brand claims their underwear is three times softer than cotton. MeUndies Men's Boxer Brief 10-Pack, available at MeUndies, $150

A sleek all-in-one speaker, $149.99 Tech-lovers won't be able to keep their hands off the Amazon Echo Plus with a built-in hub that connects with other home appliances. Amazon Echo Plus, available at Amazon, $149.99

A high-tech car adapter, $129.99 This car adapter allows you to track fuel efficiency, the cost of gas per trip, and even your car's location if it ever gets stolen. Automatic Pro 3G Connected Car Adapter, available at Amazon, $129.99

A device that improves golfing skills, $249.74 If your dad is a big golfer, this performance tracking system is a necessary addition to his golf bag. Arccos 360 Golf Tracking System, available at Amazon, $249.74

A luxurious shave kit, $30 This shave set from Harry Winston is as sleek as it gets. To go the extra mile, you can get his initials engraved into the razor. Harry's Winston Shave Set, available at Harry’s, $30

A facial hair pampering set, $60 Bearded dads need this maintenance set in their lives. From the classic brand the Art of Shaving, this set includes peppermint beard wash, conditioner, and care-oil. The Art of Shaving Beard Maintenance Set, available at The Art of Shaving, $60

A TV-themed game of Monopoly, $44.99 This gift is a two-in-one if your dad is a fan of both board games and "Game of Thrones." Monopoly: Game of Thrones Collector's Edition Board Game, available at Amazon, $44.99

A durable, temperature-maintaining tumbler cup, $34.99 This Yeti tumbler cup great for any situation, from camping to commuting. The durable insulated cup does a masterful job of making sure drinks keep their temperatures. Yeti Rambler 30 oz Tumbler, available at Amazon and Yeti, $34.99

An at home workout system, $199.95 For the active dad, you can bring the gym home with this TRX trainer. TRX Home Workout System, available at Amazon and TRX, $199.95

A modern turntable, $459-$529 This turntable is the sleek home accessory your dad didn't know he needed. He can bring his old records out of storage and enjoy them with this modern record player. U-Turn Audio Orbit Special Turntable, available at U-Turn, $459-$529

A record organization system, $90 Your dad can organize his records in style with this alphabetical wooden divider set. WE LASERS Vertical Vinyl Record Dividers (Set of 7), available at Etsy, from $90

Patterned socks for every day of the week, $65 Some people complain about getting socks for the holidays, but dads will love to get this gift set with seven pairs of Happy Socks. Happy Socks 7 Days Gift Box, available at Happy Socks, $65

A gift card so he can buy his new favorite shoes, from $100 Everyone loves a new pair of shoes, but it can be hard to pick the right size and style for someone else. A gift card to Paul Evans is the perfect way to help your dad find a new pair of dress shoes. Paul Evans Gift Card, available at Paul Evans, from $100 ($400 is recommended)

A classic stovetop espresso maker, $31.21 This classic kitchen accessory is perfect for the coffee-loving dad who wants to bring cafe-quality coffee home. The Bialetti stovetop espresso maker not only makes great coffee, but it looks great on the counter. Bialetti 6-Cup Stovetop Espresso Maker, available at Amazon, $31.21

A gourmet coffee sampler box, $35 Another great coffee gift is a set from Blue Bottle Coffee. You dad can test out three different coffee blends to find his new favorite brew. Blue Bottle Coffee Blend Box, available at Blue Bottle Coffee, $35

A cozy and supportive pillow, $75-$95 Give the gift of a good night's sleep with this luxurious and supportive pillow. Leesa Pillow, available at Leesa, $75-$95

A streaming TV player, $99 This TV accessory has it all — the Roku streaming player has over 500,000 movies and tv episodes to choose from. Roku Ultra 4K/HDR/HD Streaming Player, available at Amazon, $99

A book that dives deeper into the 'Star Wars' universe, $20.19 If your dad is a "Star Wars" fan, you won't want to miss out on giving him this book. "Phasma: Journey to Star Wars: The Last Jedi," available at Amazon, $20.19

A cozy flannel shirt, $128.95 This Colorado-based company makes great quality gear, including this classic flannel shirt that any dad will love. Topo Designs Plaid Flannel Mountain Shirt, available at Backcountry, $128.95

A handy multi-functional tool, $89.95 This multi-functional tool does it all, plus it has a 25-year guarantee. Leatherman OHT Multi-Tool, available at Amazon, $89.95

Modern over the ear headphones, $199 High quality headphones don't have to be ugly and industrial-looking. These walnut and steel headphones from EVEN EarPrint are both stylish and functional. EVEN H1 Headphones, available at Amazon, $199

A durable speaker, $69.99 This speaker is perfect for using in the shower, pool, or to take on the go. Anker SoundCore Sport XL Waterproof Bluetooth Speaker, available at Amazon, $69.99

A boxed set of his favorite comic, $93.62 This hardcover boxed set is perfect for the Calvin and Hobbes fan in your life, plus it's also a beautiful decorative piece. The Complete Calvin and Hobbes Hardcover Boxed Set, available at Amazon and Target, $93.62

An all-encompassing online subscription, $99 Everyone loves Amazon Prime, so why not gift a subscription for an entire year? Amazon 1-Year Prime Membership, available at Amazon $99

A protective laptop case, $49.95-69.95 A MacBook hardshell case is a great way to personalize your computer while protecting it from everyday damage. Incase Hardshell MacBook Case, available at Incase, $49.95 to $69.95 (prices vary by MacBook type)

Stylish computer glasses, $95 If you sit in front of a computer every day, you need these blue light glasses that increase magnification, reduce glare, and filter out blue light in order to reduce eyestrain. Felix Gray Blue Light Computer Glasses, available at Felix Gray, $95

A health and ancestry genetic test kit, $199 This genetic test kit from 23andMe is great for the dad who's interested in learning more about his family history. 23andMe Health and Ancestry Genetic Test Kit, available at Amazon and 23andMe, $199

A ceramic pizza stone, $16.20 Homemade pizza is delicious, but it can be tricky to perfect. This ceramic pizza stone will make sure your pizza comes out perfectly cooked every time. Pizzacraft 15" Round Ceramic Pizza Stone with Wire Frame, available at Amazon, $16.20

A modular lighting system, $200 This unique lighting system not only looks cool, but it can also replicate a natural sunrise and combat the effects of seasonal sunshine deprivation. Nanoleaf Aurora Smarter Modular Lighting System Kit, available at Urban Outfitters, $200

A home security camera system, $99.88 This sleek wireless security camera system is a handy gadget that will help up your home safety. Zmodo Pivot 1080p HD 360° Rotating Wireless Security Camera System, available at Amazon, $99.88

A drone, $49.99 This quadcopter will prove that you're never too old to play with toys. BLADE Nano QX BNF Quadcopter, available at Amazon, $49.99

A cookbook from his favorite burger joint, $17.10 If your dad is a fan of Shake Shack, he’ll love this cook book that will teach him how to make his very own ShackBurger. "Shake Shack: Recipes & Stories," available at Amazon, $17.10

Peppermint bark, $28.95 Peppermint bark is a classic holiday treat and the perfect stocking stuffer. Williams-Sonoma The Original Peppermint Bark, available at Williams-Sonoma, $28.95

An iPad, $329.99 Tech-obsessed dads will love to get their hands on the latest iPad. Apple iPad (WiFi, 32GB), available at Best Buy $329.99

A leather iPad case, $155 This leather iPad portfolio comes in 17 colors, so there's sure to be one that your dad will like. You can even get it monogrammed for an extra personal touch. Leatherology iPad Portfolio, available at Leatherology, $155

Personalized DNA artwork, recommended $200 A unique art piece is always a thoughtful present, but a personalized DNA or fingerprint portrait takes gift-giving to a new level. A 12" x 16" DNA Portrait from DNA 11 starts at $199. DNA 11 Gift Card, available at DNA 11, $200 is recommended

A handy duffel bag, $170 If your dad is a frequent traveler, he'll love this versatile duffel bag and backpack hybrid. Aer Duffel Pack 2, available at Aer, $170http://www.businessinsider.com/tim-ferriss-asked-leaders-for-advice-on-handling-feeling-overwhelmed-2017-119 brilliant leaders, investors, and thinkers share the questions they ask themselves when they're completely overwhelmedThe following is an adaptation from Tim Ferriss' book, "Tribe of Mentors."

He writes that lack of focus and feeling overwhelmed can destroy efficiency and productivity.

He reached out to 100 leaders, investors, authors, and thinkers to ask them about the questions they use to check in with themselves when they feel overwhelmed.

Some of the questions are: "What do you need now to feel happy?" "Is it in your power to make a difference right now," and, "Will worrying help you?"

I have a never-ending impulse to procrastinate, nap, and otherwise fritter away my days with trivialities. If I have ten important things to do in a day, it's nearly guaranteed nothing important will get done that day. My focus it pulled in too many directions. The weight of having so much on my plate feels overwhelming. Those two things—lack of focus and a feeling of being overwhelmed—are killers when it comes to being efficient and productive. As a means to squaring my to-do list with my penchant for procrastination, I've begun asking myself two questions about each thing I need to do: "If this were the only thing I accomplished today, would I be satisfied with my day?"

"Will moving this forward make all the other to-do’s unimportant or easier to knock off later?" These questions are vital to how I prioritize my life, focus my energy, and ultimately accomplish important tasks. But the reality, there are people out there who know much better than I do what questions to ask when you're feeling overwhelmed and unfocused—leaders, investors, authors and brilliant thinkers who have spent a career (and in some cases a lifetime) honing this skill. Because I craved that knowledge, I reached out to over 100 of these people, folks I consider my 'Tribe of Mentors', to ask them what they ask themselves in moments when they're feeling unfocused and overwhelmed. View As: One Page Slides

'What do you need right now in order to be happy?' When we're feeling overwhelmed, we tend to take our eye off the ball. And when you take your eye off the ball, you're going to swing and miss every single time. In other words, if your endgame is happiness then you must remain cognizant of that at all times and be thinking of how you can achieve that goal. Sharon Salzberg, the co-founder of the Insight Meditation Society and a New York Times bestselling author sums it up like this: "I stop and ask myself, 'What do you need right now in order to be happy? Do you need anything other than what is happening right now in order to be happy?' That orients me right away toward what I care about. I also try to remember to breathe. I’ve seen that if I feel overwhelmed, I freeze, and my breath gets quite shallow. 'Just breathe' is also something I say to myself if I feel chaotic. Or I shift my attention to feel my feet against the ground. Mostly we tend to think of our consciousness residing up in our heads, behind our eyes. What I’ve learned I have to do is start by gently bringing my energy down, so I’m feeling my feet from my feet. Try it!"

'What would be the worst thing if the outcome doesn't go the way you want?' Taking into account all of the ways any given scenario could play out is one of the most crucial things to consider. It helps eliminate your blind spots. And envisioning your worst case scenario actually happening is perhaps the most important scenario of all to think through. Graham Duncan, who co-founded East Rock Capital, an investment firm that manages $2 billion for a small number of families and their charitable foundations told me: "I ask myself 'what would be the worst thing' about that outcome not going the way I want? I had started using it out loud with my kids, and recently my eight-year-old daughter started asking it back to me. I really like to be punctual. We were late to drop her at school and I was impatient, so she asked me, 'Dad, what exactly would be the worst thing about being late?' It completely shifted my mindset in the moment. I like the question because it often surfaces a hidden assumption." Esther Dyson, an active angel investor, best-selling author, board member, and advisor concentrating on emerging markets and technologies, asks a herself similar, outcome-based question: "[When I’m] overwhelmed: Ask, 'What is the worst thing that could happen?' Fear of the unknown is generally far worse than fear of something specific. If it's not the death of yourself or those you are responsible for, there's probably some reasonable set of options you should consider calmly and thoughtfully."

'What does this feeling feel like as a bodily sensation, right now?' Leo Babauta is the founder of Zen Habits, a website dedicated to finding simplicity and mindfulness in the daily chaos of our lives. When I asked Leo what he does when he feels overwhelmed I was stunned by how profound yet practical his response was: "I drop into my breath and the sensations I’m feeling in my body. When I feel overwhelmed, I ask myself, 'What does this feeling feel like as a bodily sensation, right now?' Not a narrative about my feeling, but actual sensations in my body. I try to stay with those sensations for as long as possible and be curious about and open to them. This works with fear, distraction, procrastination, frustration, and more. Once I've meditated on this, I ask myself, 'What’s the most loving thing I can do for myself and others right now?' Then I get to it."

'Are you on track and just frustrated? Or do you need to change tactics?' We all get frustrated on the journey to accomplishing our goals or producing the work we need to produce. But it's essential to ask: Am I frustrated because the work is tedious? The progress is slow? Or am I frustrated because I'm not heading in the right direction? It's a crucial distinction to understand. As Strauss Zelnick, who founded Zelnick Media Group (ZMC) in 2001, which specializes in private equity investments in the media and communications industries told me, this is the question he asks himself in moments of uncertainty, confusion, and frustration: "I try to take a break and not be too hard on myself...I'll ask: Am I on the right track and just frustrated at today's lack of progress, or do I need to reconsider my approach? If that doesn't yield anything helpful, I'll pose those questions to close friends I trust and my wife. And if none of that helps, I'll try to put the thoughts aside for 24 hours. A day later, the smoke usually clears and things make more sense."

'Is it in your power to make a difference right now?' It's vital to consider the action you're capable of taking right now rather than think about your actions ten steps away. Eric Ripert, an Emmy Award winner, bestselling author, and chef recognized as one of the best in the world, told me: "In stressful moments, I try to take distance from the situation, take time to reflect. Whatever the problem, I typically ask myself, 'Am I able to make a difference right now?' If I don't see a clear way to make a positive impact, I reflect further. I think that patience in problem-solving can often be underrated."

'Are you the best version of yourself right now? And where should your attention be?' Adam Robinson has made a lifelong study of outflanking and outsmarting the competition. He is a rated chess master and has been awarded a Life Master title by the United States Chess Federation. For him, being able to focus is quite literally his livelihood, so I was especially keep to learn what he asks himself when he's feeling unfocused: "When I am feeling unfocused, the first question I ask myself is, 'Am I rehearsing my best self?' And if the answer is no, I ask myself how can I reset. Each day presents us with 86,400 seconds, which means each day presents us with virtually countless opportunities to reset, recover our balance, and continue rehearsing our best selves. If I realize my focus is off, and certainly when I'm experiencing any negative emotions, I ask myself, 'Where should my attention be right now?' Almost always, the answer is 'my mission,' which is like a beacon that always beckons.

But sometimes I take on too many commitments. Because I sometimes have trouble saying no to others eager to work with me, I can become overcommitted and overwhelmed. When that happens, rather than attempting to do everything badly, I ask myself, 'What activity or commitment can I cut out right now that will free up the most time?' It reminds me of this news story I read ages ago about a small European town (I won't say what country, lest I offend it unnecessarily) in which the postal workers had trouble keeping up with their deliveries."

'Will worrying help you?' Too often, I worry about what I need to get done. And it's a vicious cycle—once I start worrying, I then worry that my worry is distracting me from what I should be doing. I'm sure you can relate. But worrying is, often times, completely irrational and counterproductive. It just doesn't help any situation to worry. As Andrew Ross Sorkin, a financial columnist for The New York Times and the founder and editor-at-large of DealBook, explained to me: "Whenever I'm feeling like I need to prioritize what I'm doing or overthinking a particular situation that is making me anxious, I try to remember this great exchange in the film Bridge of Spies. Tom Hanks, who plays a lawyer, asks his client, who is being accused of being a spy, 'Aren't you worried?' His answer: 'Would it help?' I always think, 'Would it help?' That is the pivotal question that I ask myself every day. If you put everything through that prism, it is a remarkably selective way to cut through the clutter."

'What is your ultimate destination?' This is a close cousin to asking yourself what you need to be happy. When you keep your ultimate destination in mind you have a Northstar, something to always guide you in the right direction. Without it, we're lost. Rabbi Lord Jonathan Sacks, an international religious leader, philosopher, award-winning author, shared with me that he asks himself this question when he's overwhelmed and unfocused: "What did I key into the sat-nav system of my life [where do I want to be 10, 20 years from now]? What is my ultimate destination? You have to look at that every time you feel overwhelmed. Remembering that destination will help you make the single most important distinction in life, which is to distinguish between an opportunity to be seized and a temptation to be resisted."http://www.businessinsider.com/black-friday-insider-secrets-2017-1111 insider facts most Black Friday workers know — and you probably don'tNo one has more insider knowledge about Black Friday than the sales associates working that day. To unearth 11 lesser-known facts about Black Friday, Business Insider surveyed more than 40 Black Friday workers. Whether you want to know what's a terrible deal or how to not get duped, read on for the inside scoop: View As: One Page Slides

The mall doesn't open until its 'anchor stores' do "Anchor stores such as Macy's, Nordstrom, and Target make the decision for the entire mall. The mall opens when they open, and those that don't comply are fined by the mall for every hour they stay closed. Some stores like Apple acknowledge this and happily pay those fines."

Black Friday sales are usually on older models and are often the same deal as last year "Most of the bigger deals are actually outdated products. Yeah, you have your new tablets and phones, but those will be very limited in both how many there are and how much you can save. Most of the biggest and most tempting savings come from products that are at least a year old or more and they have to clear out the inventory in the warehouses." According to a study from NerdWallet, 93% of stores offered customers at least one product for the exact same price in 2014 as in their 2013 Black Friday ad.

These products would probably have gone on sale anyway "New product lines come out a couple weeks after Black Friday, so those older items that are on sale on Black Friday would go on sale anyway."

You rarely ever need to be there when the store opens — the sales last all day "Most sales last all day. You don't need to be there at midnight unless you are specifically interested in the door buster items."

In fact, many begin before Black Friday "Some stores start the sales early, and there is no literal difference in price between Monday before Thanksgiving or Friday. Obviously it all depends on the store, but if you have a store you like, check ahead of time and maybe you can get those deals early, maybe even before your size is gone in the Black Friday frenzy."

Stores will use all sorts of tricks to get you to spend more "At higher-end stores, don't fall for the freebie Prosecco or Pellegrino. Stores just want to keep you in there longer so you'll spend money." This isn't the only trick stores use to get you to spend more during the holiday season. "The stores are really desperate for your business and will stop at nothing to upsell you. "Where I worked, HQ would set next-to-impossibly high sales goals that each store was responsible for hitting. We were instructed that once we had someone on the line with money to spend, to 'keep her naked' in the dressing room and constantly bring her different colors, accessories, shoes, jewelry, Pellegrino, the works. The idea was that the more she tried on, the more you told her it to look great, the more she'd spend."

They'll even sometimes increase the 'normal' price of an item before the holidays to make the discount seem deeper "The stuff is marked up from the original cost and then marked down to make people think they are getting a deal." According to The Wall Street Journal, retailers will slightly increase the "normal" price of an item in the days before their Black Friday sales so that the discounts appear deeper. In fact, WSJ reported an 8% increase in a fifth of the sale items it tracked before Black Friday and a 23% uptick in the pre-sale prices of toys and tools.

Some items are made specifically for Black Friday and are lower quality "The TVs and computers are made just for that day and are lower quality than usual." CNN and Forbes report that major retailers will often sell special electronics that are manufactured by big-name brands just for Black Friday and are of lower quality.

If you're not nice, you may pay the price "Black Friday shoppers tend to bang on doors, assuming that if they cause enough chaos, they will be allowed in. "Banging on the door will make all of us hate you. As in, if there is a chance to make your shopping experience a little more difficult via small, passive-aggressive actions, we will do it. Think $50 and $100 bill checks, 'a slow register', and 'Aw, we just ran out of gift wrapping.' "All I can offer is, be nice. No one chooses to work the day after Thanksgiving."

When associates say they're out of something, they usually mean it "When we tell you we don't have anything left, please don't demand someone else to check. There isn't a fairy godmother in the back making stuff. If we tell you, "we don't have anymore," please understand the words coming out of our mouths."http://www.businessinsider.com/how-successful-people-spend-long-holiday-weekends-2017-517 things successful people do over long weekends• Many people will have time off this week, due to Thanksgiving. • Business Insider reached out to some experts on how to set yourself up for success during a long weekend. • Their suggestions focused on prioritizing tasks, setting technology guidelines, and spending time with loved ones.

Thanksgiving is nearly here. That means you most likely have a few extra days off to add to your normal weekend. But how should you spend that extra time? If you're not sure how to make the most of the next few days, we've got some ideas. Here are 17 things successful people do before and over long weekends: View As: One Page Slides

1. They plan ahead Many successful people plan out their activities for the holiday weekend well in advance so that they are not drawn into the temptation of working, says Michael Kerr, an international business speaker and author of "The Humor Advantage." They make reservations, book tee times, or schedule activities with their kids. "They're strategic enough to have an action plan for the three-day weekend, but flexible enough to tackle any urgent work issues that may arise," says Lynn Taylor, a national workplace expert and the author of "Tame Your Terrible Office Tyrant: How to Manage Childish Boss Behavior and Thrive in Your Job."

2. They prepare at work "Most of what they do happens before they leave for a long weekend so that they are psychologically free to relax and enjoy it," Kerr says. This includes saying proper goodbyes to colleagues, cleaning up their office, finishing any pressing tasks, and creating a clear plan of action for when they return to the office so they can hit the ground running.

3. They unplug Not only do they set guidelines, but truly successful people actually put their phones and laptops away — at least for part of the weekend. Don't sit and stare at screens during your time off. Unplug and try to use as little technology as possible. It will help you sleep better and can keep your mind clear.

4. They set technology guidelines Successful people set email and phone rules for themselves and the people they work with, so that people understand when, if at all, they will be available to respond or pick up. "This can communicate to employees how critical it is for everyone to take a complete break, and that any and all work can wait," Kerr explains. "Although employees may assume this, they often need to hear it from their leader to be able to completely relax over a long weekend."

5. They do a little bit of nothing "With the breakneck pace of business all week long, many successful people do plan — but sometimes those plans include a little bit of nothing," Taylor says. "The workweek is about deadlines and meetings, so successful people enjoy having a block of time, or a day, to be uncommitted and unscheduled."

6. They spend time with family and friends During the week, it's hard to give focused attention to those you care about. "A three-day weekend lets you schedule this critical quality time," Taylor says.

7. They exercise Successful people understand how important exercise is to their physical and mental health — so they don't get lazy and skip their workouts over holiday weekends.

8. They volunteer Many successful people find giving their time to worthy charitable groups or causes to be extremely rewarding.

9. They get outdoors and enjoy nature A long weekend is the perfect time to get outside and breathe fresh air, especially after being relatively sequestered inside all week, Taylor explains. It doesn't matter if it's January or July — take advantage of the great outdoors.

10. They plan 'staycations' or quick weekend getaways "Some successful people plan a mini vacation in their own backyard," Kerr says. "Staycations hold the appeal of still allowing for a complete mental break but without the added stress or planning involved in a trip somewhere away, wherein people run the risk of returning to work more exhausted than when they left." Another good option: Taking a short trip to a destination that only an hour or two away. This is a great way to visit a new place, but doesn't require too much travel or planning.

11. They engage in an activity that supports their passion "This is a great time to unwind with your favorite pastime or hobby, whether it's shopping, golfing, socializing, reading, painting, or something else," Taylor says. Do the things that make you happy; the things you don't always have time for during the week or over a regular two-day weekend.

12. They don't think about work This is a big challenge for a lot of us — but the most successful people don't stress about that upcoming presentation, or that missed deadline from the previous week. Instead, they focus on enjoying whatever it is they're doing now.

13. They recharge We all need to rest and recharge our batteries from time to time. Successful people use three-day weekends to do this. They do make plans and stay active — but they also make sure to catch up on sleep and schedule some free time at the end of the weekend to unwind.

14. They sometimes switch days off Some successful people will take a different day off instead, and go in to work on the vacation day when they have the office to themselves and can get more work done without being distracted, Kerr explains. "If you have the luxury of being able to do this it can be a double win — participating in personal activities when it's quieter and getting more work accomplished at the same time."

15. They think ahead On the last night of long weekends, many successful people think about the short week ahead and key goals they need to accomplish, Taylor says. And they do this without stressing themselves out.

16. They protect their time Successful people know that their time is precious. That goes double for any time you have to yourself. So don't stumble into time-sucking pitfalls over your three day weekend. Learn how to say no to plans that don't interest you. Kick procrastinating to the curb. It might be the weekend, but that doesn't mean you can't try out some time management strategies. Life's too short to waste your time off.http://www.businessinsider.com/what-successful-people-have-in-common-according-to-wikipedia-2017-11An ex-Google data scientist studied thousands of successful people on Wikipedia — here's what they have in commonUnless you're famous for doing something terrible, having your own Wikipedia page is probably a point of pride. The question on Seth Stephens-Davidowitz's mind is: What does it take to actually attain that level of prominence? Stephens-Davidowitz is a former Google data scientist and Harvard-trained economist. He's also the author of the book "Everybody Lies," which presents research on how internet searches can get at people's innermost thoughts. Instead of calling people into a lab, Stephens-Davidowitz prefers to look at what the masses are confessing to Google at 8:36 p.m. on a Wednesday. This data can also be harnessed to learn a few things about what makes people successful. To do that, Stephens-Davidowitz downloaded all of Wikipedia — "You can do that sort of thing nowadays," he wrote — and plucked more than 150,000 editor-approved entries about individuals to comprise his initial dataset. His metric for success was simply that the included individuals had their own Wikipedia page. Here's what he found. View As: One Page Slides

They grow up near big college towns. Geography played an enormous role in producing a Wikipedia success story, according to Stephens-Davidowitz's research, in particular when there was a thriving college town nearby. For example, the counties containing Madison, Wisconsin; Berkeley, California; Chapel Hill, North Carolina, and Ithaca, New York were all in the top 3% of page frequency. Those towns are home to the University of Madison, Wisconsin; University of California, Berkeley; UNC Chapel Hill; and Cornell. When Stephens-Davidowitz sliced the data even further, he found college towns were especially good at producing famous musicians. "A kid in a college town will be exposed to unique concerts, unusual radio stations, and even independent record stores," he wrote.

They grow up in counties with big cities. If a county didn't have a college town, people were still more likely to find success if there was a big city nearby. It's more important to be near big ideas than big backyards, Stephens-Davidowitz wrote. "Being born in San Francisco County, Los Angeles County, or New York City all offered among the highest probabilities of making it to Wikipedia," he wrote, reasoning that "urban areas tend to be well supplied with models of success." New York City was most likely to produce notable journalists, Boston produced the most scientists, and Los Angeles produced the most actors — all relying solely on who was born there, not who moved there. "And this holds true even after subtracting people with notable parents in that field," Stephens-Davidowitz wrote.

Their hometowns are culturally diverse. Tracking with the finding that famous people grew up near novel ideas, Stephens-Davidowitz found counties with higher proportions of immigrants produced more notable people than homogeneous ones. His data showed it's even better if the parents themselves are immigrants: At least 13 of the 100 most famous white baby boomers were children of immigrants, according to MIT's Pantheon Project, which also used Wikipedia data. That's more than three times higher than the national average during the period, Stephens-Davidowitz noted. "If two places have similar urban and college populations," he wrote, "the one with more immigrants wil produce more prominent Americans."

Sometimes, they specialize. When it doubt, Stephens-Davidowitz wrote, go narrow. Roseau County, Minnesota doesn't have the urban population, diversity, or big college presence that many other notable counties do. But it does make Stephens-Davidowitz's list for a simple reason: It produces star hockey players. Roughly one in 740 people from Roseau County made it into Wikipedia — nine in total, all of them professional hockey players, "no doubt helped by the county's world-class youth and high school hockey programs."http://www.businessinsider.com/rejecting-amazon-was-the-smartest-move-little-rock-has-ever-made-2017-11Rejecting Amazon was the smartest move Little Rock, Arkansas has ever made238 cities are competing to become home to Amazon's second headquarters.

But Little Rock, Arkansas wrote a letter to the tech giant saying they were not interested — because they would never reach Amazon's high bar.

One of the hardest things for most cities, companies, and leaders (and people in general) to do is to admit who they are.

The city pointed out all of its great aspects and explained it did not want to lose those just to snag Amazon.



It would be hard to miss the news, but just in case you haven't heard, Amazon is dating.

No, they haven't created a profile on Tinder or Match, but they have made it quite clear that they are looking for love - in the form of the perfect city in which to house a second headquarters (HQ2, as they affectionately refer to it).

At times the process has played out like a season of the Bachelor, with Amazon actually producing a list of its "likes" and "dislikes" describing its ideal match, and then 238 cities including Chicago, Dallas, and San Diego (not to mention whole states like Michigan) virtually tripping over one another to be the last one standing at the altar. But when all is said and done, Little Rock, Arkansas won't be there. In fact they didn't even make it past round one, all because of the Dear John letter (or is that "Dear Jeff") they sent the world's largest online retailer.

To say Little Rock was bold in rejecting Amazon's advances would be an understatement. After all, they not only brushed off all its promises of 50,000 new jobs and chose to forego the envious stares of whomever Amazon left behind, they decided to say adios publicly. The city took out a full-page ad in the paper with the header "Hey Amazon, We Need To Talk", followed immediately by the old standby, "It's not you, it's us." It was the smartest move the city could have made, and here's why.

An offer you can't refuse but should

Even before finalists have been picked, the Amazon gig has been called "the trophy deal of the decade," an opportunity not just to bring thousands of jobs to the winning city, but a chance to raise that city and state's image simply by virtue of being picked.

But being the "it" city isn't without costs. Amazon has set a high bar for its future partner, demanding a dowry that must include an on-site means of mass transit, quick access to major airport, and submission of demographic data that will allow the company to weigh the smarts of the local population.

While other cities have eagerly, even aggressively played along, Little Rock took a deliberate pause to more thoughtfully consider the proposal. Wisely, they took the time to imagine life with their new suitor. And they didn't like what they saw.

Let's not even date... sorry

It's not that they were blind to what they were potentially giving up. "After all," they noted in their letter, "You're Amazon. You're smart, sexy, and frankly, incredibly rich." "But when we really started to think about what our future would look like," the city's letter continued, "we realized it would probably never work out between us."

What Little Rock realized was who they are: a smaller, livable city, one with "a booming business environment, tech-savvy workforce, diverse, creative culture and a flourishing downtown" and a "compact urban footprint" to boot making commutes short, even walkable.

The city even pointed out that these were the very characteristics that made them unique and attractive as a contender — and they didn't want to lose a single one of them by making the mistake of teaming up with Amazon. "Amazon," they gently but firmly put it, "you've got so much going for you, and you'll find what you're looking for. But it's just not us."

The benefits of being who you are

Too often, the hardest things for most cities, companies, leaders — and for that matter, people — to do is to admit who they are. The irony is that if they did, they'd know exactly what to build on (i.e. their strengths and uniqueness) to continue to evolve and progress with the highest possible odds of doing so successfully. Choosing to be other than yourself or worse, letting someone else define you, is the surest way to lower those odds.

Little Rock didn't just see who they were, they saw two other things: who they could be and who they were never going to be.

I know it. You know it. And Little Rock knew as well that the chances were slim that they'd be the last city standing among the competitors for Amazon's affection. 'Why not face facts, get out ahead of the curve, and control our own destiny?' they seemed to presciently recognize.

But then they went one better. Little old Little Rock turned an almost inevitable loss into an incredible win. Thinly disguised beneath the breakup was a brilliant marketing pitch for why everyone, not just Amazon, should start thinking about the city as a leader. They even deftly kept the very company they were rejecting from going away mad concluding, "If another expansion opportunity comes up and you're ready to join the visionaries, dreamers, romantics and idealists who know that bigger isn't always better, give us a call. We would love to find a way to make "us" work out."

Brilliant. And oh so easy to do if you know who you are, and trust that.http://www.businessinsider.com/6-pieces-of-bad-advice-people-give-their-kids-without-realizing-2017-116 pieces of bad advice people give their kids without realizingSome popular parenting advice is actually counterproductive to children's success.

Parents shouldn't tell their kids to focus on the future — instead, they should encourage living in the moment.

Children are experiencing stress at younger ages so parents should teach coping mechanisms.

Kids should also be reminded that it is okay to make mistakes. Most parents want their kids to be successful in life—and so we teach them attitudes that we believe will help them achieve their goals. But as I learned while researching my book "The Happiness Track," many widely-held theories about what it takes to be successful are proving to be counterproductive. Sure, they may produce results in the short term. But eventually, they lead to burnout and—get this—less success. Here are a few of the most damaging things many of us are currently teaching our children about success, and what to teach them instead. View As: One Page Slides

What we tell our kids: Focus on the future. Keep your eyes on the prize. What we should be telling them: Live (or work) in the moment. It's hard to stay tightly focused. Research shows our minds tend to wander 50% of the time we're awake. And when our minds wander, we often start to brood over the past or worry about the future—thereby leading to negative emotions like anger, regret, and stress. A mind that is constantly trying to focus upon the future—from getting good grades to applying to colleges—will be prone to greater anxiety and fear. While a little bit of stress can serve as a motivator, long-term chronic stress impairs our health as well as our intellectual faculties, such as attention and memory. As a consequence, focusing too hard on the future can actually impair our performance. Children do better, and feel happier, if they are learn how to stay in the present moment. And when people feel happy, they're able to learn faster, think more creatively, and problem-solve more easily. Studies even suggest that happiness makes you 12% more productive. Positive emotions also make you more resilient to stress—helping you to overcome challenges and setbacks more quickly so you can get back on track. It's certainly good for children to have goals they're working toward. But instead of always encouraging them to focus on what's next on their to-do list, help them stay focused on the task or conversation at hand.

What we tell our kids: Stress is inevitable — keep pushing yourself. What we should be telling them instead: Learn to chill out. Children are feeling anxious at younger and younger ages, worrying about grades and feeling pressure to do better at school. Most distressingly, we're even seeing stress-induced suicides in children—especially in high-achieving areas like Palo Alto in Silicon Valley. The way we conduct our lives as adults often communicates to children that stress is an unavoidable part of leading a successful life. We down caffeine and over-schedule ourselves during the day, living in a constant state of overdrive and burning ourselves out—and at night, we're so wired that we use alcohol, sleep medication, or Xanax to calm down. All in all, this is not a good lifestyle to model for children. It's no surprise that research shows that children whose parents are dealing with burnout at work are more likely than their peers to experience burnout at school. I recommend that parents consider teaching their children the skills they will need to be more resilient in the face of stressful events. While we can't change the work and life demands that we face at work and at school, we can use techniques such as meditation, yoga and breathing to better deal with the pressures we face. These tools help children learn to tap into their parasympathetic "rest and digest" nervous system (as opposed to the "fight or flight" stress response).

What we tell our kids: Stay busy. What we should be telling them: Have fun doing nothing. Even in our leisure time, people in Western societies tend to value high-intensity positive emotions like excitement, as opposed to low-intensity emotions like calm. (The opposite is true in East Asian countries.) This means that our kids' schedules are often packed to the brim with extracurricular activities and family outings, leaving little downtime. There's nothing wrong with excitement, fun, and seeking out new experiences. But excitement, like stress, exhausts our physiology by tapping into our "fight or flight" system—and so we can unwittingly prompt our children to burn through their energy after school or on weekends, leaving them with fewer resources for the times when they need it most. Moreover, research shows that our brains are more likely to come up with brilliant ideas when we are not focusing (thus the proverbial a-ha moment in the shower). So instead of over-scheduling kids, we should be blocking out time when they can be left to their own devices. Children can turn any situation—whether they are sitting in a waiting room or walking to school—into an opportunity for play. They may also choose calming activities like reading a book, taking the dog for a walk, or simply lying under a tree and staring up at the clouds—all of which will allow them to approach the rest of their lives from a more centered, peaceful place. Giving your kids downtime will help them to be more creative and innovative. And just as importantly, it will help them learn to relax. The point here is not to never challenge them or deprive them of opportunities for learning, the point is not to over-schedule and over commit them to the point where they don't have opportunities to learn independent play, to be with themselves and daydream, to learn to be happy just being rather than always doing.

What we tell our kids: Play to your strengths. What we should be telling them: Make mistakes and learn to fail. Parents tend to identify their children by their strengths and the activities that come naturally to them. They say their child is a " a math person," a "people person," or "an artist." But research by Stanford University's Carol Dweck shows that this mindset actually boxes your child into a persona, and makes them less likely to want to try new things that they may not be good at. When a kid receives praise primarily for being athletic, for example, they're less likely to want to leave their comfort zone and try out for drama club. This can make them more anxious and depressed when faced with failure or challenges. Why? Because they believe that, if they encounter obstacles in a given area, that make them "not good at" the activity. But our brains are wired to learn new things. And it can only be a good thing to learn from our mistakes while we're young. So instead identifying your child's strengths, teach them that they actually can learn anything—as long as they try. Research by Dweck, author of best-selling book Mindset, shows children will then be more optimistic and even enthusiastic in the face of challenges, knowing that they just need to give it another go to improve. And they will be less likely to feel down about themselves and their talents.

What we tell our kids: Know your weaknesses, and don't be soft. What we should be telling them: Treat yourself well. We also tend to think that criticism is important for self-improvement. But while self-awareness is of course important, parents often inadvertently teach their children to be too self-critical. If a parent tells a child that she should try to be more outgoing, for example, the child may internalize that as a criticism of her naturally introverted personality. But research on self-criticism shows that it is basically self-sabotage. It keeps you focused on what's wrong with you, thereby decreasing your confidence. It makes you afraid of failure, which hurts your performance, makes you give up more easily, and leads to poor decision-making. And self-criticism makes you more likely to be anxious and depressed when faced with a challenge. Instead, parents should encourage children to develop attitudes of self-compassion—which means treating yourself as you would a friend in times of failure or pain. This doesn't mean that your children should be self-indulgent or let themselves off the hook when they mess up. It simply means that they learn not to beat themselves up. A shy child with self-compassion, for example, will tell herself that it's okay to feel shy sometimes and that her personality simply isn't as outgoing as others —and that she can set small, manageable goals to come out of her shell. This mindset will allow her to excel in the face of challenge, develop new social skills, and learn from mistakes.http://www.businessinsider.com/rent-the-runway-unlimited-subscription-review-2017-7I've used Rent the Runway's unlimited subscription for a year — and it's completely changed the way I shopRent the Runway's unlimited subscription allows you to have four items at home at a time, with unlimited exchanges.

For a monthly fee of $159 plus tax — which includes shipping, dry cleaning, and insurance — I rent about 18 pieces a month.

The service has saved me time and money, while reducing closet clutter and increasing wardrobe variation.

Shopping isn't high on my list of favorite activities.

I'd rather spend my excess time and money on travel. But since I can't get away with wearing jeans and a T-shirt to the office every day, finding a workwear solution that fits my lifestyle and budget is a necessity.

On a whim last year, thanks to my stylish friend Yelena's recommendation and a Cyber Monday discount, I signed up for Rent the Runway's unlimited subscription, RTR Unlimited. I assumed it would be fun to try, but not something I would stick with after the initial month.

As I do with any subscription trial period I sign up for, I set a calendar alert to remind myself to cancel it before the full-price charge hit my credit card the next month. But, after the first month ended, I decided to try it for another month. And then another.

Now, one year later, not only am I still using the service, it's completely changed the way I think about shopping.

Here's how RTR Unlimited works

For a monthly fee of $159 plus sales tax, Rent the Runway allows you to rent four pieces of clothing or accessories at a time and make exchanges as often as you like. You can pause or cancel your account at any time.

The fee includes shipping both ways, dry cleaning, and insurance. I happened to be at a restaurant, wearing a dress that retails for $1,500, when a diner at a neighboring table spilled an entire glass of white wine on me. So, insurance is important. But keep in mind that significant damage, loss, and theft are not covered.

According to the website, it can take up to five days for items to arrive, but in my experience shipments almost always go out within a day or two. Any time there's been an issue with one of my orders — such as something arriving with a broken zipper or not shipping quickly — customer service agents have been responsive and helpful, immediately offering a replacement.

RTR Unlimited costs me a little over $1,800 annually — about the same as the average American household spends on clothing in a year. I wear approximately 18 pieces a month, meaning each item costs me under $10. Given that the going price for dry cleaning one dress is $12 in my neighborhood — something I don't have to worry about with Rent the Runway — the cost is more than worth it for me.

Plus, my spending on other clothing has dwindled, partly because I don't need anything else, and partly because it's more fun to direct my online-shopping energy toward browsing the designer pieces I can access through Rent the Runway.

Renting clothes is becoming standard

I'm not the only one embracing the 'clothing-sharing economy' — it's an industry that's growing. As Business Insider's Dennis Green reported, Rent the Runway reached its goal of $100 million in annual sales last November, and as of January, The Black Tux, a modern solution to formal wear rentals for guys, saw monthly sales hit $2 million with a two-fold increase year-over-year. Gwynnie Bee, a plus-size clothing rental service, is also gaining traction.

"I wouldn't go so far as to say the future of fashion is rental, but I would say rental will be a major component of the future of fashion," Andrew Blackmon, a cofounder of The Black Tux, told Green.

That could be a good thing — for our wallets, our closets, and our peace of mind.

Most of us are looking at clothes all wrong

The average person has 57 items of unworn clothing and spends 15 minutes deciding what to wear every morning, according to a recent survey by non-profit Oxfam and British retailer Marks and Spencer. On average, we regularly wear just 44% of the clothing we own, and nearly half of people admit they need to clean out their closet.

Part of the problem may be that sizes fluctuate, styles change, and sales are hard to pass up — but closet clutter isn't free. Renting a portion of your wardrobe, and using the rest of your clothing budget to invest in high-quality pieces that last, instead of wasting money on poorly made clothes from fast-fashion brands, could save you money in the long run.

For example, the cost-per-wear of a $150 pair of pants that can be worn 50 times ($3/wear) is better than that of a $50 pair of pants that falls apart after 10 wears ($5/wear). The more expensive pair is likely to fit better and look better, too.

Added bonus: When an event calls for attire outside of your standard wardrobe, an unlimited clothing subscription like Rent the Runway allows you to choose exactly the right outfit for the occasion, instead of buying something you'd wear only once.

Occasionally, I rent something that I love enough to purchase. For those items, Rent the Runway is the perfect 'try before you buy' solution. Once you know your size, you can wait for it to go on sale — even final sale — without taking the risk that it won't fit. I've managed to buy beautiful designer dresses for the same price I'd pay for a dress at J. Crew. Many previously worn items can also be bought at a discount through Rent the Runway.

If you really like a certain piece, but not enough to own it forever, you don't have to. As long as your account is in good standing, there's no limit to how long you can hang onto an item. I've done this twice so far — both times when a jacket I requested arrived new with tags. By holding onto one piece, it reduced the number of items I was able to cycle through, but not by much — I still managed to rent 12 items during those months.

It's not just about the money

There are non-financial benefits to using Rent the Runway's unlimited subscription as well. I spend way less time doing laundry and picking out what to wear. Now, I just scroll through the app, add whatever catches my eye to the cart, and wear it once it arrives. When I'm done, I send it back and start the process again.

Not to mention, having access to a wide variety of items is simply more fun than owning a wardrobe full of clothes that I wear over and over again.

The longer I use Rent the Runway, the more I'm convinced of its value. I happily participate in other parts of the sharing economy — with services like Amazon Music Unlimited, Netflix, and ride-sharing service Via — so why wouldn't I apply the same principles to my closet as well?

I for one, am sold.http://www.businessinsider.com/the-putney-school-reid-hoffman-high-school-2017-11There's a tiny boarding school in Vermont where students work on a dairy farm and can live in cabins without electricity — and it produced one of the most influential billionaires in Silicon ValleyThe Putney School, located in southern Vermont, is small and located on a dairy farm.

The 238 students there must work on the farm and in other jobs to graduate.

They don't learn their grades until halfway through high school.

Reid Hoffman, cofounder of LinkedIn and a Greylock Partners investor, always had an independent streak. At 12, he applied to The Putney School, a tiny boarding school in southern Vermont, without telling his parents. "Part of what appealed to me about Putney was that in addition to having academics, it was doing blacksmithing and woodworking and working on the farm and art and a bunch of things that I wouldn't otherwise had experience to do," Hoffman told Business Insider's Rich Feloni on an episode of the podcast "Success! How I Did It." Putney is certainly unique. Students don't learn their grades until more than halfway through high school, and have work requirements on campus, including on the dairy farm where Putney is located. "Work on the farm, in the gardens, and in the woods is required of all students for graduation," the school's website explains. "New technology and old are combined to find a way to live more lightly on the land." Keep reading below to see all of the aspects that make Putney a distinctive high school experience. View As: One Page Slides

Located in Putney, Vermont, the school is a progressive boarding school located on a 500-acre working dairy farm.

It's small, with 238 students and an average class size of 11.

It costs $56,800 a year to attend for boarding students. The cost to attend puts it in the range of tuition at Ivy League colleges. Day students pay $34,300 a year and the school awards financial aid to 43% of students, meaning almost half don't pay full price to attend.

But its commonalities with the Ivy League stop there. Putney offers an unique high school experience for its students. Students and families don't know the grades they earn in classes until their junior year, when they apply to college. They do receive detailed written reports six times a year that provide comments on assignments from teachers, but their A-F grades are not revealed.

The school also doesn't offer Advanced Placement classes like many other high schools do.

The most distinctive aspect of Putney is the requirement that students work while on campus. They rotate jobs each trimester satisfying on the the six required work areas.

The six required areas are working a lunch job, dinner waiting, barn crew, dish crew, general substitute, and a land activity (garden, farm, woods, sugaring, landscaping, trail maintenance)

The work requirement one of Putney's fundamental beliefs that individuals should "treasure the hard stretching of oneself, to render service."

All of the different types of work that Putney students participate in — whether in the classroom, extracurricular, or work related — feeds the central tenet that learning and curriculum is everything that students do, not just grades earned in academics.

"In a single day, a Putney student might work in a barn crew, collaborate on a chemistry lab, prepare for a debate in economics class, organize a Feminism Club meeting, forge a sword in blacksmithing, and reflect on the week with peers during dorm meeting," according to the school.

Some students choose to live in cabins without electricity. The cabins are wooden structures that are heated with wood-burning stoves. Some of them have battery-powered solar panels for interior lighting.

Putney isn't for everyone. But the students it tends to attract are an eclectic group who are eager to take control of their own education, Putney's director of communications Michael Bodel said.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/apple-supplier-foxconn-to-stop-using-illegal-intern-labour-on-iphone-x-2017-11Apple supplier Foxconn says it will stop using illegal intern labour to assemble the iPhone XApple CEO Tim Cook signs the box of a new iPhone X. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)

The Apple supplier Foxconn has admitted to using illegal intern labour to assemble the iPhone X.

Students said they worked 11-hour days, which is a breach of Chinese labour law.

The scandal comes after Apple reportedly faced delays in getting the iPhone X to customers.

The Apple supplier Foxconn has said it will stop using illegal intern labour in its factories that are used to assemble technology products for some of the world’s biggest companies,according to a report by BBC News.

Foxconn’s use of interns on its production lines was first reported by the Financial Times. Six students told the newspaper that they regularly worked 11-hour shifts assembling Apple’s new iPhone X, which is a breach of Chinese labour law. The Financial Times said a group of 3,000 interns worked in Foxconn’s factories.

The students, who were reportedly ages 17 to 19, told the Financial Times that their work at Foxconn was work experience that they had to do to complete their education.

Now, Foxconn has told BBC News it has ended its practice of letting interns work overtime. The company reportedly said it took “immediate action to ensure that no interns are carrying out any overtime work,” and it said interns represented “a very small percentage” of its overall workforce.

Apple told BBC News it was “dedicated to ensuring everyone in our supply chain is treated with the dignity and respect they deserve.” It continued: “We know our work is never done and we’ll continue to do all we can to make a positive impact and protect workers in our supply chain.”

It’s an embarrassing story for Apple, which has regularly faced criticism over the supply chain of its products. Apple had to ask the Chinese mining company Huayou to stop using child labour after Sky News found it was using children as young as 4 to mine for the material.

Foxconn has faced its own issues in the past: In 2010 a series of employees died in suicides after working long hours in the factory, which eventually led the company to erect suicide nets on its buildings designed to prevent future deaths.

The iPhone X faced production problems

The KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo covers Apple’s supply chain in Asia and regularly covered delays with the iPhone X.He said Apple faced shortages on key components of the device, which meant it struggled to get the phones it needed ready for when it went on sale.

Apple CEO Tim Cook was asked about the potential of delays to the iPhone X in an interview with BuzzFeed. The executive gave a rather diplomatic answer: “We’ll see what happens, but we’ll be working as hard as possible to make as many as possible.”

NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/why-are-asylum-seekers-refugees-near-australia-manus-island-2017-11Why asylum seekers are still in an Australian detention center, even after Australia abandoned itAsylum seekers in the former Manus Island detention centre. (Source: ManusAlert via Telegram)

Asylum seekers and refugees have allegedly been stabbed, beaten and robbed in Papua New Guinea, where they are being forced to leave a former detention center they have lived in for years.

Australia established the offshore processing center to discourage asylum seekers from taking dangerous boat trips, but officials have been forced to leave due to local laws.

The remaining men are scared for their lives and have few options.

More than 400 asylum seekers and refugees still lived in a former Australian detention center in Papua New Guinea when it was stormed by local police on Thursday.

The refugees have been urged to move to other centres but are worried for their safety. Instead, many have chosen to remain at the center they have been forced to live in for years.

In September, Human Rights Watch reported that several men who had left the center had been “stabbed, beaten, and robbed.” Some men were too scared to leave the center to even talk to people representing Human Rights Watch.

In 2012, Australia recommenced offshore processing of asylum seekers who arrived by boat, to dissuade human traffickers and prevent hundreds from drowning at sea, and promised to never settle them in Australia.

Detainees were split between centres on Manus Island in Papua New Guinea and the country of Nauru. But last month, Australian officials left the Manus Island regional processing center, after the Papua New Guinea Supreme Court found the facility illegal in a 2016 ruling.

The center closed on October 31 and officials urged a small number of refugees to “apply” for a transfer to the detention center in Nauru and for the remaining men to return home or move to one of three transit centres near Lorengau, the main town on Manus Island, only one of which is reported to have medical facilities.

Because of attacks, and despite them, asylum seekers feel safer where they are

After reports of locals with machetes looting the center and attacking refugees on the island, many residents felt it was safer to stay where they are – even though food, water, and electricity are no longer provided.

“The police already, they beat some of the refugees and the local people. They attack the refugees and rob them. This place is not a safe place,” Behrouz Boochani‏, a journalist and asylum seeker on Manus Island who was reportedly arrested on Thursday, recently told the ABC.

Visiting Manus Island in September, Human Rights Watch reported nearly every refugee and asylum seeker who was interviewed had experienced or witnessed violence.

The men reported having knives put to their throats, slashed wrists, fractured skulls and even being arrested for disturbing locals after being attacked. Assailants used knives, machetes, sticks, screwdrivers, and sometimes threw rocks.

In 2014, locals attacked the center and killed one refugee, and injured 51. And earlier this year drunk soldiers from Papua New Guinea’s Defence Forces rammed the center and fired more than 100 shots, including from an M-16 assault rifle, into the center. The men feared for their lives.

Now locals are also angry that there was no consultation regarding the centres that were built in residential areas.

According to the Australian Associated Press, the Governor of Manus Island said locals fear they too will be in danger, so they have armed themselves with knives and other weapons as a precaution.

Few options on the outside

After promising to never resettle asylum seekers who arrive by boat in Australia, the federal government approached 30 countries to create a third country arrangement. Only three – the US, New Zealand and Cambodia – have offered resettlement.

However, far fewer people have been relocated than hoped.

Despite a $AU55 million ($US42 million US) deal, Cambodia resettled only a handful of refugees and a top government official admitted the country doesn’t have appropriate social programs to support them.

New Zealand recently offered to accept a number of refugees, but Australia’s Immigration Minister said such a deal would “start the boats.”

The US was expected to take up to 1,250 refugees under an Obama-era agreement. However, when President Donald Trump came into office, he called the deal “dumb.”

So far, the US has agreed to resettle 54 refugees, but those on Manus Island are yet to be relocated.

NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/china-online-shopping-giant-vip-com-has-opened-a-massive-warehouse-in-australia-2017-11China online shopping giant VIP.com has opened a massive warehouse in AustraliaThe VIP.com site. Image: Screenshot

VIP.com, China’s third largest online shopping site behind TMall and JD, has just opened its own 5,400 square metre warehouse in Sydney to house premium Australian products.

While US-based online retailer Amazon has opened its own fulfillment centre to sell within Australia, VIP.com’s is a receiving centre for Australian goods to be sold in China.

VIP.com, with 300 million consumers, is a main export path for Australian goods including infant formula by a2 Milk and vitamins by Swisse, whose businesses have grown rapidly based on demand from China.

Other Australian brands such as Uncle Toby’s, Allen’s confectionery and Soothers are heading to China via VIP.com soon.

The site differs from TMall and JD in that its buys from producers, rather than offering a shop front for sales. VIP.com is a retailer, not a platform provider.

Hillary Wang, VIP.com’s head of Global Buying, is in Sydney to speak to 200 current and potential Australian suppliers about access to the site’s women-centric sales platform.

“Australian products are known to Chinese as reliable, of a high standard, and clean and green,” she says.

“That’s why Australia is our number one for revenue and over the next 12 months we are looking to procure over $500 million in products for the Chinese consumer.”

The big sellers are fashion, beauty products, food and nutritional goods, such as infant formula.

Australian-unique ugg boots are big sellers in China. In one recent promotion, $4 million of the sheepskin shoes were sold in just seven hours.

VIP.com gets 28 million unique visitors a day. The site will turn over more than $US10 billion this year.

“We only deal with brand owners directly or through their authorised distributors. Authenticity is critical to building brands and Chinese shoppers know that VIP.com delivers that,” says Wang.

Another major point of difference to its Chinese e-commerce competitors is VIP.com’s female-skewed audience, about 80%.

The new warehouse, in Sydney’s western suburbs, is the first in Australia wholly-owned by VIP.com. It has two other leased centres near Sydney Airport.

NOW WATCH: Money & Markets videoshttps://www.businessinsider.com.au/tesla-battery-south-australia-2017-11Elon Musk just met his 100-day deadline on a $50 million bet and Tesla's giant battery is ready to rollElon Musk in Adelaide earlier this year discussing Tesla’s plan will build the world’s largest lithium ion battery for the South Australian government. Photo: Mark Brake/Getty Images

Elon Musk will get paid for building the world’s largest lithium ion battery in South Australia, with testing on the 100-megawatt project about to begin ahead of next week’s December 1 deadline to built it in 100 days, or it’s free.

State premier Jay Weatherill announced today that regulatory testing at the site, which is paired with French energy business Neoen’s Hornsdale wind farm, 230km north of the capital, Adelaide, will begin within days.

When fully charged, the Tesla Powerpack is expected to hold enough power for 8,000 homes for 24 hours, or more than 30,000 houses for an hour during a blackout.

The project is part of a $550 million plan by the state to guarantee energy supply following a statewide blackout last year that turned into a national political debate over energy security and costs. A 250MW gas-fired generator, expected to cost $360 million, is also due to come online this summer to provide extra power.

The battery is the result of a Twitter bet between the Tesla founder and Atlassian’s Mike Cannon-Brookes last March that he would supply the battery within 100 days or it was free. The clock began ticking when Musk visited Adelaide in September to sign off on the deal — although work was already underway on the plant after the government gave the contract to Musk in July.

Musk had said that if he failed to meet the deadline, it have have cost him “probably $50 million or more”.

The Tesla plant will be called upon during periods of “load shedding” — when excess demand would otherwise result in blackouts.

Weatherill said the battery was now completed and the testing will ensure it is optimised and meets energy market regulatory requirements.

“It sends the clearest message that South Australia will be a leader renewable energy with battery storage,” he said.

“An enormous amount of work has gone in to delivering this project in such a short time, and I look forward to visiting Jamestown next week to personally thank those who have worked on this project.”

NOW WATCH: Tech Insider videoshttps://www.businessinsider.com.au/germany-merkel-coalition-talks-political-chaos-britain-brexit-2017-11Why political chaos in Germany will not hand Britain a Brexit advantagePhoto: Tobias Schwarz/ AFP/ Getty Images.

German political instability will not give the UK any advantage on Brexit.

Experts tell Business Insider the political turmoil in Berlin will no “have any major impact on Brexit.

Brexit is not a “big issue” in Germany.

LONDON – Talks about forming a coalition government in Germany collapsed on Sunday, causing political instability in the most powerful country in the European Union.

The unprecedented failure of coalition talks has meant that another election could occur in January, four months after the country last went to the polls. On Monday Chancellor Angela Merkel said she would prefer to hold new elections to leading a minority government.

The development has led some prominent Brexit-supporting Conservative MPs to push UK prime minister Theresa May to “take advantage” of the situation and Merkel’s weakness to suspend plans to increase the UK’s offer for the divorce bill after Brexit.

Backbench Conservative MP Jacob Rees-Mogg told The Times it would be “foolish” to approve a higher financial settlement for the EU, and former Tory leader Ian Duncan Smith urged the government to “sit tight” as the situation had tipped Brexit negotiation into chaos.

However, experts on German politics have told Business Insider that British politicians have vastly overestimated the significance of Brexit in German politics.

Dr Charlotte Galpin of the University of Birmingham said: “I wouldn’t expect this to have any major impact on Brexit… Brexit has always been very low down on German politicians’ list of priorities.”

Dr Hartwig Pautz of the University of West Scotland told BI: “I don’t think Brexit is seen to be a big issue in Germany – the decision has been taken, after all.”

Galpin said: “I would see it as irrelevant. Germany does still have a government, and this idea of a crisis in Germany is being overstated in the UK press.

“I’m not sure I see any scope for change on something like the so-called divorce bill. From a German point of view, it’s about the UK paying its commitments and the responsibilities it has already made to contribute to the EU budget. So there’s a very different conception in Germany of what this divorce bill conflict is all about.”

The former German ambassador to the UK told the Independent that instability in Berlin is “bad news for Britain,” not a situation to take advantage of.

Thomas Matussek said: “I think the German instability is bad news for Britain, it’s bad news for Europe but, most of all it is bad news for the Germans … You have a normally loud and constructive voice which has been silenced. You have a country that is looking inward and is self-absorbed.

No concessions from Germany

(Photo by Stefan Rousseau – Pool/Getty Images) Prime Minister Theresa May and German Chancellor Angela Merkel at the G20 summit on July 7, 2017, in Hamburg, Germany.

The UK should also not expect Germany to make concessions whether it has a stable government or not, but the current situation makes German Brexit interventions all the more unlikely.

Pautz, a co-convenor of the German Politics Specialist Group at the Political Studies Association said: “The German government is a caretaker government so they won’t be willing to make significant moves on the European stage.

“Convention has it that caretaker governments should not make decisions that limit what the next legitimate government can do.”

Galpin told BI: “All of the mainstream parties in Germany are more or less united on their approach to Brexit in that the guiding principle is unity amongst the EU27 and that there should be no cherry-picking of what country’s like about the EU.

“With the latest developments I would expect that still remains the case, but perhaps it would be even less likely that the UK government might get concessions from Germany.”

Pautz made it clear that Germans do not understand why Brexit is happening so slowly and why talks do not advance. He said: “The political class looks at Britain with some sort of bewilderment – about both the decision itself and about why progress in the negotiations doesn’t happen. People think they’re playing party politics on the back of the EU.

NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/an-australian-business-already-selling-on-amazon-reveals-its-secrets-to-success-on-the-global-platform-2017-11An Australian business already selling on Amazon reveals its secrets to success on the global platformJeff Horn (C) of Australia celebrates beating Manny Pacquiao of the Philippines in their WBO welterweight championship title fight at Suncorp Stadium on July 2, 2017 in Brisbane, Australia. Photo: Bradley Kanaris/ Getty Images.

An Australian business that’s already seen success selling on Amazon’s US and Canada sites has revealed what it has learned from using the electronic marketplace.

Sydney merchant GetBacktoBasix makes and sells lunchboxes, insulated bags for diabetic medications and other personal healthcare products. Founder Noelle Sadinsky has attributed the growth of her business to the listings on the two overseas Amazon sites.

“Online sellers should be excited and not threatened by the imminent arrival of Amazon in Australia. The distribution footprint in the US means there is nowhere beyond the reach of GetBacktoBasix state-side,” said Sadinsky.

Infrastructure

While the front page of Amazon.com.au is still showing, as it has for many years, as a bookshop for the US parent company, the company reportedly sent out messages to its Australian third party merchants that a general goods site will be soft-launched at 2pm Thursday (AEDT).

Amazon now has a fulfillment centre operational in eastern Melbourne, with more sites expected in the future for faster delivery to all corners of Australia.

“The infrastructure that they will soon have in place in Australia will hugely assist in the timely and efficient distribution of product – at scale. This is a game-changer for independent sellers,” Sadinsky said.

Private label

Sadinsky said that Australian merchants should be “looking into” private-label products, if they’re not already doing so.

“Amazon has been successful in promoting private labels and giving them scope to fight against the big players, building a credible brand identity,” she said.

“Australians by nature love to support an underdog. If retailers embrace supporting locally based up-and-coming brands, it will foster recognition and loyalty from Aussie customers.”

Confidence to shop online

Another intangible that GetBacktoBasix benefited from was leveraging the confidence of the Amazon brand name, to encourage people into purchasing online — compared to the reluctance and lack of trust they may feel on a small retailer’s own website.

“In the US, customer is king and one click purchase means Amazon really stands out from a lot of other players in the online space. We know from experience that what works in the US, more often than not works here,” said Sadinsky.

“With many of our products being seasonal in nature, the truly global Amazon business proposition provides revenue all year round.”

Overseas customers

And similar to how Australians would buy an item from an overseas merchant if it was cheaper, Amazon Australia’s launch would see some foreign customers attracted to local offerings.

Australian merchants must be prepared for those foreign currency transactions, according to Sadinsky.

“If you are short on time and foreign funds transfer is not your speciality, get a partner. OFX helped me set up my Canadian site in four hours and they would ring me if I was slow to respond on decisions relating to currency, so it didn’t cost me money,” she said.

OFX partnership manager Ed Wiley said returning foreign currency back to Australia can become costly.

“Be aware that Amazon and the banks are often the most expensive ways to bring money home,” he said.

“For example, by using a receiving account, it’s possible to save up to 75% on margins and fees compared to Amazon, PayPal and the banks, when you are ready to transfer your money into your domestic bank account.”

Challenges for Amazon Australia

Wiley warned that Amazon’s arrival won’t be all roses, noting Australia has challenges unique from other countries.

“Fulfilment costs will be higher, as the brand will have fewer [fulfillment] centres initially. Building its Fulfilment by Amazon service may result in a slow start for the giant and there is still the potential for unseen repercussions relating to fulfilment in the world’s sixth largest country [in area],” he said.

“Similarly, given this geography, postage costs aren’t likely to be cheap.”

The cost of delivery will be a challenge for both Amazon and its third-party merchants, with research from tech firm Pitney Bowes indicating 82% of Australians want free shipping, even if it means the goods get to them a little bit slower.

In the US and some other countries, Amazon runs a subscription programme called Amazon Prime, which provides customers with unlimited 2-day shipping, streaming entertainment and e-books for $US99 annually or $US10.99 monthly.

“For those businesses that are holding back and waiting to see if Amazon’s retail offering will work in Australia before diving in, it’s worth keeping in mind that first movers on the Australian site will benefit from the curious consumer traffic that will naturally follow the launch,” said Wiley.

NOW WATCH: Tech Insider videoshttps://www.businessinsider.com.au/products-australians-want-amazon-2017-11Here's what Australian shoppers want to buy from AmazoniStock

Australian consumers are most likely to target electrical goods, apparel and shoes, and cosmetics from Amazon Australia.

It’s one of the observations drawn by UBS as part of the bank’s research into the impact of Amazon’s arrival.

Their findings are summarised in the chart below:

Here’s what the bank had to say about the top three categories, including the relative impact on competitors:

1. Electrical/ Appliances: Particularly high-margin accessories which, in our view, make up a large portion of electronic retailers’ gross profits. 2. Apparel/ Shoes: While customer returns are an impediment to the category, Amazon has been allocating more capital towards apparel since 2012. Specialty fashion retailers, as well as department stores are most exposed. 3. Cosmetics/ Skin: A low value / high-margin category which is particularly valuable for Australian Department stores (~20% sales exposure).

The UBS analysts said the sectors which will be least exposed to Amazon’s arrival are baby products (excluding toys) such as prams, auto parts, and fresh groceries.

This chart shows UBS’ estimates for how much market share by sector Amazon Australia will achieve by June 2023:

NOW WATCH: Money & Markets videoshttps://www.businessinsider.com.au/robert-mueller-michael-flynn-russia-investigation-lobbying-turkey-2017-11Mueller is zeroing in on Michael FlynnKevin Hagen/Getty Images Michael Flynn.

Robert Mueller, the special counsel leading the Russia investigation, is looking into Bijan Kian, a former business associate of former national security adviser Michael Flynn.

Mueller is primarily interested in gauging what role Kian played in Flynn Intel Group’s lobbying activity for a Turkish businessman with ties to Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.

Flynn has come under scrutiny because of his contacts with Russian officials and his work as a foreign agent, and recent revelations could mean Mueller sees Flynn as his next target.

Robert Mueller, the special counsel leading the Russia investigation, is looking into an associate of the former national security adviser Michael Flynn, NBC News reported Wednesday, in a likely sign that the inquiry is steering toward Flynn’s activities.

Mueller is tasked with looking into Russia’s interference in the 2016 election as well as whether any members of President Donald Trump’s campaign colluded with Moscow to tilt the race in his favour.

When it comes to Flynn, Mueller is focused mainly on his work as a foreign agent and his lobbying activities, throughout the latter half of 2016, for a businessman with ties to the Turkish government.

Flynn was paid $US530,000 last year by the businessman, Ekim Alptekin, who is a member of a Turkish economic-relations board run by an appointee of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. Alptekin is also the head of Inovo, a consulting firm.

Flynn’s firm was tasked with fomenting dissent inside Turkey and with lobbying the US government to extradite Fethullah Gulen, a Turkish cleric living in Pennsylvania who Erdogan believes is responsible for planning last year’s attempted coup.

Flynn Intel Group was required, under the Foreign Agents Registration Act, to register as a foreign agent as soon as it secured the contract with Inovo, but it did not do so until months later. It acknowledged in a filing that its work could have “principally benefited” Turkey.

The latest focus for Mueller, NBC News reported Wednesday, is Bijan Kian, a former business partner of Flynn’s. Mueller is reportedly seeking to gauge what role, if any, Kian played in securing the Inovo contract for Flynn Intel Group. The special counsel’s office also wants to know whether Kian has any information about other lobbying efforts the firm may have undertaken that have not yet been disclosed, NBC News said.

Sources told NBC News that prosecutors were also interested in a September 20, 2016, meeting between Kian, Flynn, and the pro-Russia congressman Dana Rohrabacher.

Mueller turns up the heat on Flynn

The Russia investigation has ramped up in recent weeks, particularly after a federal grand jury indicted Trump’s former campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, and one of his associates, Rick Gates, in October on 12 counts related to money laundering, financial crimes, and their work as foreign agents.

Since then, multiple media reports have suggested that Mueller is zeroing in on Flynn, who legal experts have said could be increasingly vulnerable in the Russia investigation.

Mueller’s team subpoenaed the lobbying firm SGR LLC in August after Flynn Intel Group hired the firm ostensibly to “promote a good business climate in Turkey,” The Washington Post reported. Flynn’s firm hired SGR as part of its work with Inovo.

Though Flynn Intel Group’s initial stated goal in hiring SGR was to foster a stronger business climate in Turkey, it was later forced to indicate that it brought SGR on to “raise concerns” to the US about Gulen.

At the beginning of November, NBC News reported that Mueller had enough evidence to indict Flynn and his son, Michael Flynn Jr.

A former business associate of Flynn’s said the younger Flynn had a prominent role in Flynn Intel Group’s day-to-day operations and served as his father’s chief of staff, and Mueller could be turning up the heat on the younger Flynn to prompt his father’s cooperation in the investigation. CNN also reported that Flynn and his wife, Lori, were worried their son could get caught in the crosshairs of the investigation.

It’s unclear who the source of the NBC News report about a possible Flynn indictment was, but legal experts floated the possibility that the leak came from Flynn’s defence team, which could have been using it in an effort to secure a pardon from Trump.

George Frey/Getty Images

Patrick Cotter, a former federal prosecutor who is now a white-collar defence attorney at Greensfelder, Hemker & Gale, P.C., said earlier this month that the younger Flynn’s aggressive social-media campaign against Mueller and the Russia investigation suggested that he refused to flip and was hoping for a presidential pardon. Cotter also pointed to Trump’s apparent loyalty to Flynn, who was one of his most prominent campaign surrogates before becoming national security adviser.

“The president of the United States, who has virtually unlimited pardon power, has gone on the record, in public, and said he doesn’t think Flynn should be prosecuted,” Cotter said.

“If you’re Flynn’s attorney, the possibility of a pardon is something you’d think about,” he added. “It’s an amazing thing to have the president, before your client is charged, saying publicly that he doesn’t think they should even be investigated, much less charged.”

Flynn was forced to resign in February when it emerged that he had misled Vice President Mike Pence about his contacts with Sergey Kislyak, then Russia’s ambassador to the US, during the transition period. Three weeks earlier, Sally Yates, then the acting attorney general, warned the White House that Flynn could be vulnerable to Russian blackmail over his conversations with Kislyak.

Trump also ignored advice during the transition period from President Barack Obama, who fired Flynn as head of the Defence Intelligence Agency in 2014, to steer clear of Flynn.

The FBI was already investigating Flynn when he resigned. He informed the Trump transition team in January, before the inauguration, that he was the subject of a separate FBI investigation related to his lobbying work for Turkey. He joined the administration as national security adviser shortly after.

Flynn’s activities came up in a February conversation between Trump and the FBI director at the time, James Comey. Comey testified before the Senate Intelligence Committee in June that soon after Flynn resigned, Trump approached him and asked him to “let this go,” referring to the bureau’s investigation into the former national security adviser. Comey said he refused to assure Trump that the FBI would do so.

Trump fired Comey in May, later citing “this Russia thing” as a factor in his decision.

NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/inside-facebooks-watch-strategy-for-tv-original-video-2017-11Inside Facebook's early efforts to attack TVSamantha Lee / Business Insider

Watch, Facebook’s three-month-old hub for original shows, has yet to produce a commercial hit.

The Facebook-funded shows that have been renewed for second seasons all share the same trend of initial spikes in viewership followed by steep declines.

Facebook is judging the success of shows largely based on the repeat viewers who come back to watch subsequent episodes, rather than the sheer number of views the shows garner.

Facebook is still on the hunt for hit shows and is green-lighting longer shows with bigger budgets, several Watch partners told Business Insider.

To get a show renewed for Facebook Watch, the social network’s three-month-old hub for episodic video, one metric you won’t be judged by is your show’s number of views.

Nearly all of the Facebook-funded shows on Watch that have been renewed for second seasons enjoyed explosive views of their first episodes followed by a more than 50% drop in views for subsequent episodes, according to public Facebook data.

Instead of chasing the millions of views that viral videos often attract in the News Feed, Facebook is renewing shows that attract relatively small numbers of viewers who watch through a season, several partners with shows featured in Facebook’s special Watch tab told Business Insider. And now that the first slate of launch shows on Watch have run their course, Facebook is looking to fund longer shows with bigger budgets, the partners said.

“They’re trying to create TV-like consumption habits on the platform where people are encouraged to be habitual watchers versus one-off watchers,” said one partner with several Watch shows who asked to not be identified discussing Facebook’s strategy.

Facebook sees fostering TV-like viewing habits as a way to boost user engagement and eventually rake in the billions of advertising dollars spent on linear broadcast TV programming. But by paying for episodic shows, Facebook is veering from the basic formula responsible for its success in video to date.

“While it is still early days, one of the great things we have learned is that video publishers and creators can build an engaged and predictable audience for their shows on Watch,” Facebook VP of product Fidji Simo told Business Insider in a statement.

“Having a loyal audience who comes back to watch every episode is the foundation for building vibrant communities, which is at the core of Watch,” she said. “We’re already seeing this happen, with people planning to watch shows they care about, getting drawn into the storylines and forming communities. When we fund content or share best practices with partners who want to create these shows, finding ways to build that audience loyalty, and develop an active community is a huge part of what we are trying to do.”

According to its media partners and industry observers, Facebook will need to spend more money on high-wattage celebrities and professional production if it hopes to have the hit show that makes it a scripted video destination. And even then, Facebook will be playing in a hit-driven business where even the most experienced companies see their investments vanish as quickly as they are made.

Creating TV-like consumption habits

Samantha Lee / Business Insider Facebook has publicly renewed four Watch shows that it’s directly funding.

Facebook first announced Watch in early August with commitments for dozens of shows from partners like Tastemade, ATTN, and a handful of live events like Major League Baseball games (Business Insider has multiple shows in the Watch tab as well). After a test with a small percentage of US Facebook users, Watch was made available to the rest of the country in late August.

One of the debut show partners for Watch was A&E’s “Bae or Bail,” a self-described “reality TV game show where couples face their fears.” The show’s first episode in early August garnered 32.5 million views despite the fact that Watch was only available to a subset of US Facebook users at the time. But none of the following four episodes managed to crack 3 million views.

“Pretty much every show saw the same pattern,” Paul Greenberg, who led the development of “Bae or Bail” at A&E, told Business Insider of the show’s initial spike in viewership. “It was good to see that everybody saw that drop but we were still higher than most of those shows.”

A&E is still pleased with the reception “Bae or Bail” received on Facebook, according to the network’s president of international and digital media, Sean Cohan. “Our expectations going into this are fundamentally different than a linear show anyway,” he said. “The core of this is research and development.”

He noted that for “Bae or Bail” the “consumption was actually pretty robust” compared to A&E’s shows that air linearly on broadcast TV.

While Facebook has yet to give any numbers that speak to the early usage of Watchaside from the public view counts it shows on its site, outside analysis suggests that shows in the tab are already leading people to spend more time on Facebook. The average watch time per episode is over 50% higher than Facebook’s self-reported average of 16.7 seconds for autoplaying videos in the News Feed, according to a study of 250 Watch episodes by Facebook media partner Delmondo.

Facebook is still experimenting with the right mix of shows for Watch before it decides to aggressively market the feature like it did for live video in late 2016, multiple Watch partners said. The Watch tab is prominently displayed in Facebook’s mobile app in the US and on its desktop website. But the tab is still restricted to the US and Facebook has done little to promote it in the News Feed or elsewhere.

“I think this is a space where everyone likes to walk before they run,” media analyst Rich Greenfield of BTIG told Business Insider. “You’ll know that Facebook is serious about the Watch tab when they start telling you to go to the Watch tab.”

The search for a hit

Facebook Watch/Refinery29 The first episode of Refinery29’s ‘Strangers’ show for Watch reached nearly 9 million views but none of the following episodes cracked even 200,000 views.

When Facebook began soliciting pitches for shows late last year, the company indicated in closed-door discussions that it was seeking scripted shows at the production calibre of ABC’s “Scandal” along with budgets similar to shows on YouTube’s Red subscription or Verizon’s go90 service.

Facebook declined to discuss the financial terms of its shows, but the company is reportedly planning to spend as much as $US1 billion on funding video in 2018. During Facebook’s most recent earnings call with investors, CFO Dave Wehner said that funding original video would contribute to a “significant” increase in spending next year.

Facebook executives have repeatedly said they don’t intend to spend at the same level as HBO or Netflix for content, the latter of which plans to spend $US8 billion on original video in 2018. But Watch shows are increasingly becoming attached to A-list actors.

In recent weeks Facebook has pitched celebrities like billionaire “Shark Tank” star Mark Cuban to host shows for Watch, and Hollywood figures like Kerry Washington, Zooey Deschanel, and Bill Murray have all agreed to star in shows since Watch first debuted.

The effort to reel in big names and attach them to bigger-budget productions could lead to a hit show that stirs widespread interest in Watch, multiple show partners suggested. The Hollywood Reporter said last week that Facebook was shifting its strategy to buy more shows outright.

Facebook Facebook introduced a TV app for its Watch tab several months ago.

Wall Street’s tolerance for Facebook’s big-budget video aspirations will not be endless. Spending $US1 billion wouldn’t cause much concern among shareholders, RBC Capital Markets tech analyst Mark Mahaney told Business Insider. “More than $US1 billion, and I think people would be concerned unless there was evidence of real traction,” he said.

Mahaney said that Watch will be seen as successful if it boosts engagement on Facebook and if the shows are able to build sustained viewership over time. And a mainstream hit show could help lead people to discover other shows on the platform. “Netflix works because eventually one or two of these series catches fires and expands,” he said.

Facebook is directly funding what it internally calls “hero” shows for Watch but eventually plans to let partners monetise their content through ad breaks. The company is also favouring show concepts that include interactive elements that utilizie features on Facebook like comments under videos. Mike Rowe’s “Returning the Favour” show, for example, picks which people he visits for each episode based on suggestions from viewers.

“Long-term, our hope is that the business here will primarily be through revenue shares of videos that normal creators and businesses put into the system rather than ones that we proactively go out and licence ourselves,” CEO Mark Zuckerberg said during Facebook’s last earnings call. “But first we need to build this behaviour where people want to come intentionally to engage with this content.”

The Watch shows that Facebook pays for currently air on a weekly schedule, similar to traditional TV programs. After a show airs for the first time, people can re-watch it on-demand. But at a time when younger viewers are accustomed to binge-watching Netflix shows, Facebook’s decision to schedule shows is a risky move that’s still unproven. (Netflix CEO Reed Hastings is a Facebook board member.)

While early Watch partners are content to experiment with making shows now, the initiative needs to transition from the research and development phase to producing meaningful revenue, according to A&E exec Sean Cohan.

“I wouldn’t say anyone is betting the farm on these things,” he said. “But I think we’re optimistic that these platforms will find ways to compensate creators in meaningful ways.”

With additional reporting by Nathan McAlone.

NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/the-uk-is-on-course-for-longest-fall-in-living-standards-since-records-began-2017-11The UK is on course for longest fall in living standards since records beganJack Taylor/Getty Images Philip Hammond (C) leaves Downing Street with his Treasury team

Stark new report shows the UK faces the lowest productivity growth since 1812.

Resolution Foundation Budget analysis shows Britain is on course for the longest period of falling living standards since the 1950s.

Treasury analysis finds poorest households will be hit hardest by long-term policy.

LONDON – The United Kingdom is on course for its longest period of falling living standards since records began in the 1950s, analysis published following the Budget has found.

The report published by the Resolution Foundation titled “Freshly Squeezed” says that there is a “bleak outlook” for Britain’s families, as living standards fall for the longest period ever documented.

The analysis shows that average wages will not return to their 2007 peak until 2025, three years later than was forecast in the Budget in March of this year.

The think tank also found that the Office of Budget Responsibility handed Philip Hammond the biggest downgrade to productivity forecasts since its creation in 2010, as the OBR slashed its growth forecasts for the UK economy as well.

The chancellor announced that GDP growth forecasts had been revised down every year until 2021, including from 2% to 1.5% in 2017, partly due to waning productivity but also due to uncertainty over Brexit.

The report shows that productivity growth will be at just 0.1% by the end of 2017, which would make this the worst decade for productivity growth since 1812 when Britain was in the midst of the Napoleonic Wars.

Jack Taylor/Getty Images Chancellor Philip Hammond presents his despatch box in Downing Street

Torsten Bell, the director of the Resolution Foundation said: “Following years of incremental changes, yesterday the OBR handed down the mother of all economic downgrades pushing up borrowing for the Treasury.

“While Philip Hammond chose to take a relaxed approach to additional borrowing, families are unlikely to do so when it comes to the deeply troubling outlook for their living standards that the Budget numbers set out.

“Families are now projected to be in the early stages of the longest period of continuous falls in disposable incomes in over 60 years – longer even than that following the financial crisis.”

Real household disposable incomes are set to fall for an unprecedented 19 successive quarters between 2015 and 2020, according to the foundation.

The report also criticised the government’s announcement that stamp duty would be abolished for first time buyers on houses up to £300,000, suggesting that the £3 billion cost of the measure could have supported the building of 40,000 social rented properties or 140,000 homes through the Housing Infrastructure Fund.

The foundation’s analysis shows that the policy is set to cost £160,000 for every new homeowner created, which would have been sufficient to buy people typically priced properties in over a quarter of English and Welsh local authorities.

Bell said: “On the substance of the Budget the Chancellor has made the right call in boosting housing investment and focusing on this key issue of intergenerational concern. However, yesterday’s stamp duty rabbit is in reality a very poor way to boost home ownership. Its £3bn cost could have been better spent building 140,000 new homes through the government’s own Housing Investment Fund.

“Faced with a grim economic backdrop the Chancellor will see this Budget as a political success. But that would be cold comfort for Britain’s families given the bleak outlook it paints for their living standards.”

Budget will hit poorer households harder in long-term

Analysis from the Treasury shows that the budget will have a harder long-term impact on the poorest households the most, through changes to tax, welfare and public spending.

The government’s own household impact assessment documents show that those in the bottom income brackets will be affected the most by policy changes, as well as those at the very top. Both groups will lose nearly 2% of their net incomes by 2019/20.

Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn told HuffPost that Hammond was “revising people’s wages and living standards down.”

He said: “The poorest tenth of households will lose about 10% of their income by 2022, while the richest will lose just 1%.

“So much for ‘tackling burning injustices’. This government is tossing fuel on the fire.”

NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/macys-thanksgiving-day-parade-behind-the-scenes-2017-11Behind the scenes of the famous US department store Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, which reportedly costs millions to produce each yearSarah Jacobs

Macy’s has hosted its famous parade on Thanksgiving Day since 1924.

A majority of the floats, balloons, and costumes are constructed inside their Moonachie, New Jersey warehouse.

Business Insider got a tour of the warehouse to see the process behind the parade that’s watched by millions.

Inside a warehouse in Moonachie, New Jersey, where gingerbread men and nutcrackers line the walls, live two massive turkeys, a larger-than-life robot, a dragon, Pikachu, and Spongebob Squarepants.

While this isn’t Santa’s North Pole workshop, it might be the closest thing in the world to it. The Macy’s Parade Studio, where a group of workers build the floats, balloons, and costumes that are on display during the Thanksgiving Day Parade, devotes itself to the holiday season 365 days a year. The famed parade, which happens in New York City every year, was started in 1924 by Macy’s store employees and is now a Thanksgiving tradition that millions of Americans tune in to NBC to watch.

Macy’s does not disclose any of the costs associated with putting on the parade each year. Some sites like Ebates.com have estimated it could be several million dollars, taking into account the presumed cost of float construction, costumes, and studio rent. A representative for Macy’s declined to confirm that estimate with Business Insider, however.

We took a tour of the studio at the height of 2015’s Thanksgiving parade prep. John Piper, VP of the Macy’s Parade Studio, showed us how their team helps put the magic together.

Each parade float starts out as an idea, a sketch on a piece of paper. Sarah Jacobs Models are then made scaled to size; you can see them sitting on the table here. Hanging above are balloon models from past parades. Sarah Jacobs The studio has a library of books, mostly for children, that the artists use as a reference to help turn two-dimensional characters into real-life, 3D figures. Sarah Jacobs Once a rendering is ready to come to life, the sketch is moved out onto the warehouse floor. Here, Piper shows a sketch of the massive turkey and goose float that is almost complete. Sarah Jacobs Various materials are used to create the floats, including styrofoam, aluminium, and sintra -- a moldable, yet durable, material. Hot wire is used to melt right through many materials, like styrofoam. Sarah Jacobs The construction time of each float varies greatly, but Piper told us it can take between four and nine months from the moment pencil hits the page to the time a float is complete. Sarah Jacobs By the first week of September the longer work hours have begun, and the team hits the ground running to make sure the floats are ready in time for the parade. Sarah Jacobs That means working weekends. 'We start early,' Piper said. 'We have a flexible schedule for our folks. On Friday and Saturday they do 7 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. Monday through Thursday, it's 6:30 a.m. to 5 p.m.' Sarah Jacobs Piper loves telling kids when they visit the warehouse that the painter's studio has 'every colour in the rainbow plus two.' Led by head painter Beth Lucas, all floats and balloons are painted by hand. Sarah Jacobs 'She's an incredibly fast worker,' Piper said of Lucas' work. 'See the back of that turkey? She painted that in a day.' Last year marked Lucas' 30th parade. Sarah Jacobs When it comes to building each float and getting them ready on parade day, it's a team effort. Piper likes to tell his team, 'You guys are like the post office -- neither rain, nor sleet, nor snow -- except, we do it one better, we deliver on Thanksgiving.' Sarah Jacobs With a full-time team of 26, backgrounds differ greatly. 'We have painters, sculptors, carpenters, construction workers, metal workers, and more,' Piper said. Sarah Jacobs One of the trickiest parts of the job is designing the floats so that they can be packed up to fit through the Lincoln Tunnel and into Manhattan the night before the parade. Once it's folded into itself, each float is only 8.5 feet wide. Here's what a float looks like when it's all packed up. 'Every single float gets set up between midnight and 8 a.m., and the parade steps off at 9 a.m.,' Piper said. Sarah Jacobs Projects from past parades decorate the warehouse, which the team moved into five years ago. This frame was originally built for Macy's 'Mother Goose Land' back in 1990. Sarah Jacobs Next up was the balloon warehouse, which was built just large enough to house a large scale, fully blown-up parade balloon. Macy's has experimented with different materials over time, from cotton fabric to neoprene. While many of the balloons are made inside this warehouse, Macy's works with several vendors, including the South Dakota-based Aerostar, to create all of the balloons seen in the parade. Sarah Jacobs By Halloween, all balloons are prepped, quality control-tested, and neatly packed away along this wall. Some of them have been ready since last December. 'As soon as a parade is over, it's like, 'OK, let's get these ready for the next parade, because we're on a clock here!' Piper joked. Sarah Jacobs Balloons are made of a special, nonporous balloon fabric, and different portions of the design are constructed as separate chambers. 'If Wimpy Kid balloon stubs his toe and gets a tear, we don't want the whole balloon to deflate. So for him, both feet are independent chambers,' Piper explained. Sarah Jacobs Workers inflate each chamber for six hours to test its resilience. All tests are marked and redone if the balloons don't pass the first time. Sarah Jacobs The balloons are hand-painted while fully inflated so that the paint won't crack. On parade day, the balloons are filled with helium, making them lighter for the performer who holds them. Sarah Jacobs 'I always love it when people ask, 'How do you get those giant balloons over to New York?' That's the easy part! You take the helium out of them, and you roll them up,' Piper said. These balloons are models from parades past. Sarah Jacobs When it comes to the more than 4,000 devoted Macy's employees who come from all over the Northeast to volunteer in the parade, it's the job of Kimberly Montgomery's team to make sure they're properly costumed and fitted. Sarah Jacobs All in the window of two hours on parade day morning, she and her team of 200 fitters dress 2,000 balloon handlers, 400 kids, 300 float escorts, and 900 clowns. On average, 700 new costumes are added to the collection. Montgomery designs all the costumes in-house. Sarah Jacobs Each volunteer is assigned a costume ahead of time. 'This entire rack is alphabetized by last name,' Montgomery explained. 'On parade day, it's about smooth operations.' Sarah Jacobs The costumes stored at the warehouse are worth more than $A2.63 million in total. Rain and snow are the costume department's worst enemies -- if the clothes aren't washed and dried in time, they can quickly mildew. After the parade, they have 'mounds and mounds of laundry,' Montgomery said. Sarah Jacobs While most costumes are washer- and dryer-friendly, the very special Mr. and Mrs. Clause outfits are not. 'These outfits are custom-made and worth thousands of dollars,' Montgomery said. The boiled wool coats are kept in their own custom-made cedar closet for safe keeping against moths. Sarah Jacobs While balloon handlers are outfitted in jumpsuits, those riding the floats also get custom-made costumes. Here's a wig for the Lindt puppet costume. Sarah Jacobs Piper described the energy on Thanksgiving morning: 'It's the closest to magic time as you can get. The sun starts coming up over Central Park, marching bands start showing up, you hear the drums and tuning, clowns are goofing around, and the nets are coming off the balloons, and the people are cheering.' Sarah Jacobs

NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/500-amazon-workers-in-europe-to-strike-on-black-friday-2017-11More than 500 Amazon workers in Europe are going on strike this Black FridayParcels are prepared for dispatch at Amazon’s warehouse on December 5, 2014 in Hemel Hempstead, England. Photo: Peter Macdiarmid/ Getty Images.

Workers in Italy and Germany plan to strike on Black Friday.

At least 500 from Piacenza, Italy, said they will walk out.

Amazon said it will do its best to fulfil orders without them.

More than 500 Amazon employees in Europe will go on strike on Black Friday in a bid to win higher pay from the retailer, according to trade unions.

Large numbers of employees in Germany and Italy will stay home for one of the busiest shopping days of the year in a bid to win concessions from their employer.

Workers at Amazon’s main Italian distribution hub posted a statement saying that they would walk out after attempts to secure bonuses from management broke down.

They said at least 500 of the 1,600 staff in Piacenza, 45 miles south of Milan, would refuse to work on Black Friday, according to the Reuters news agency. They are also refusing to work overtime until the New Year.

At the same time, workers at six distribution centres in Germany are also due to strike as part of a long-running pay dispute.

The ver.di union is co-ordinating the walkout, and said its members deserve a bigger share of the profits Amazon makes from the holiday.

They did not specify how many workers were due to strike. Business Insider has contacted ver.di to ask for a figure.

According to Reuters, the strike will be the first ever for Italian Amazon workers, though those in Germany have taken action before.

In a statement to Reuters, Amazon in Italy said its focus would be trying to make sure that orders made on and around Black Friday arrive on time.

It added that its workers’ salaries are already high, and they get other benefits including medical insurance and training.

NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/what-is-machine-learning-quick-explainer-2017-11So, what is machine learning anyways? Here's a quick breakdownIf you’re keeping up to date on technology news, you’re probably seeing references to machine learning everywhere, and for good reason: machine learning is an integral component of the way that computers process information.

Machine learning is all around us, informing our day to day lives from the way we navigate Google maps right down to the way we check our inboxes.

But what is it exactly, and when did it start being such a big deal?

Here’s a quick explainer to get you up to date:

There have been two especially important developments in the history of machine learning: the first began with artificial intelligence pioneer Arthur Samuel, who coined the term “machine learning” back in 1959.

IBM Arthur Samuel sits at his computing checker machine.

In 1959, MIT engineer Arthur Samuel described machine learning as a “Field of study that gives computers the ability to learn without being explicitly programmed.” Samuel was busy creating his own computing machine: an autonomous checker program that he envisioned would someday beat the top world checker player champion.

The other important development in machine learning? The internet.

Wikimedia Commons

The advent of the internet presented a trove of accumulated data. With so much information readily available, there seemed but one thing to do: figure out a way to organise it into meaningful patterns – one of machine learning’s most integral roles.

Big data is the fundamental building block of machine learning.

Big data, is, essentially, exactly what it’s called: a ton of data. It’s all of the information accrued by social media companies, search engines, and even microphones and cameras that are constantly collecting information.

Algorithms sort through this vast collection of information so that technology can predict what we’ll do next.

ShutterStock / spaxiax

Vast amounts of data inform machine learning algorithms, equipping technology with methods of predicting future patterns. These algorithms provide a way to forecast future behaviour and anticipate forthcoming problems.

One of the best-known examples of this is Amazon’s suggested product feature. It reads your preferences and the buying habits of other people, and then recommends other products you might be interested in.

Machine learning is all about sorting through those troves of collected information to discern patterns and predict new ones.

Machine learning differs from human learning, insofar as the machine only knows what you tell it: A computer can’t express curiosity or make inferences.

For example, if you watch a lot of scifi movies on Netflix, you might find Stranger Things in your suggestion queue. But it’s only a matter of maths, based on Netflix’s data alone – if you’ve never told Netflix that you love documentaries, or rated one highly, the system will likely never show you one.

Examples of machine learning surround and inform our day-to-day lives.

Machine learning is all around us: it informs everything from our Facebook feed, our suggested traffic routes in Google Maps, our autopilot email spam filters, and even the security of our banking information.

But current day iterations of machine learning have radically evolved since the 1600s. Today, machines can learn with only minimal human intervention.

Through machine learning, technologists have mimicked the way the human brain works by producing sophisticated systems called neural networks. In turn, neural networks enable deep learning, an outcome that has produced computer systems superseding human intelligence.

Machine learning plays a key role in the development of artificial intelligence.

A.I. and machine learning are often conflated, but they’re not the same thing. Artificial intelligence refers to a machine’s ability to perform intelligent tasks, whereas machine learning refers to the automated process by which machines weed out meaningful patterns in data. Without machine learning, artificial intelligence as we know it wouldn’t be possible.

There’s plenty in store for the future of machine learning. Expect to see machine learning informing the development of virtual reality, the driverless car industry, and artificial intelligence.

Randy Shropshire/Getty

In many ways, machine learning is one of the most powerful forces in technology. Its development is shaping the forefront of the future in industries like artificial intelligence and driverless cars.

NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/trump-media-thanksgiving-youre-fired-2017-11Trump wishes the media a happy Thanksgiving, tells them: 'You're fired'NBC

On Thanksgiving, President Donald Trump jokingly said to the media gathered at his Mar-a-Lago resort, “You’re fired.”

Trump was speaking to members of the military via teleconference.

President Donald Trump wished the media a Happy Thanksgiving on Thursday and then joked he was firing them.

While he was speaking to the military via teleconference on Thanksgiving, Trump noted how he was “surrounded by reporters and press” and wanted to ask them to leave so that he could have confidential conversations with overseas military members.

“I will say: ‘You’re fired,'” he said, recycling his catch phrase from his reality TV show “The Apprentice.” “And, by the way, media: Happy Thanksgiving.”

Trump is spending Thanksgiving at his Palm Beach, Florida resort, Mar-a-Lago. He reportedly went golfing on Wednesday and spoke to members of the military Thursday morning. He also visited a Coast Guard station and passed out sandwiches.

At the Coast Guard station, a reporter asked Trump what he was thankful for. She was immediately reprimanded by a member of the communications staff, according to a press pool report.

After talking to the military, Trump went to his Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach.

NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/the-economic-cost-of-brexit-in-gdp-2017-11£72 BILLION: The cost of Brexit is already turning Britain into a second-rung nation(Photo by Christopher Furlong – WPA Pool/Getty Images) Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond prepares his speech in his office in Downing Street ahead of the 2017 budget announcement.

Brexit will cost Britain £72 billion in lost economic activity annually, according to an analysis of government figures.

Leaving the EU is already dragging down the British economy.

The UK is now growing more slowly than Japan or Italy.

LONDON – Chancellor Philip Hammond’s annual budget, presented yesterday, has finally given Britain the first concrete numbers on the cost of Brexit.

The government’s Office for Budget Responsibility published revised GDP growth numbers based on data following the June 2016 referendum. Those new estimates suggest that Brexit will cost Britain £72 billion in lost annual economic activity by 2021, according to an analysis by the Resolution Foundation.

Previously, the best estimate of the economic damage leaving Europe will inflict on the UK came from a private estimate by one of Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union David Davis’s advisors, of about £22 billion per year, mostly from extra trade tariffs and barriers.

Here are the new GDP charts from the OBR.

They show other major economies such as the US, the EU, and Canada all growing faster now than they were in the six months prior to the Brexit referendum in 2016. Only in the UK has growth slowed, as the pound lost value and investors hit the pause button. Even Japan, an infamous economic basket case hobbled by years of stagnation, is doing better than the UK:

OBR

In terms of sequential GDP growth through Q3 2017, Britain now lags France and debt-ridden Italy, too. This chart comes from Pantheon Macroeconomics:

Pantheon Macroeconomics

This next chart shows how much we are forecast to lose in GDP activity every year, based on the difference between the OBR’s previous estimate in March and its new estimate, from updated post-referendum data:

OBR

The Resolution Foundation says the gap will represent a loss of £72 billion in 2021:

“The economy is now expected to be roughly £42 billion smaller at the start of 2022 than was thought back in March. This downgrade comes on top of the deterioration pencilled in after the Brexit vote of June 2016. As such, the latest GDP projections point to an economy that will be £72 billion (or 3.4 per cent) smaller in 2021 than had been projected in March 2016.”

That’s £72 billion in lost jobs, revenues, consumer spending, and so on.

There are other factors at play, of course. A big one is the UK’s chronic lack of productivity, exacerbated by its refusal to allow in the young immigrant workers to generate the income tax receipts its ageing population needs to pay for the NHS and its state pensions.

But the OBR’s downward revisions from March to November of this year all come in the post-Brexit-vote period, and the only thing of macroeconomic substance that changed between then and now was the realisation that the UK is headed toward hard Brexit rather than a trade deal that would keep the country closely tied to the single market.

NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/trump-gop-tax-reform-bill-analysis-reviews-text-2017-11The GOP tax plan got a triple whammy of brutal reviewsChip Somodevilla/Getty Images President Donald Trump and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell.

Three new analyses of the Senate’s Tax Cuts and Jobs Act all delivered bad news for Republican leaders.

The Tax Policy Center found that more than 50% of Americans would see a tax increase in 2027 under the bill.

Only one out of 42 economists surveyed by the University of Chicago’s Booth School of Business said the bill would increase economic growth substantially.

The Penn-Wharton Budget Model found that the bill would blow a hole in the federal deficit.

While Congress is on a weeklong Thanksgiving break, the breakneck speed of the Republican push to overhaul the US tax code has taken a bill close to passing in the Senate.

The latest version of the chamber’s Tax Cuts and Jobs Act passed the Senate Finance Committee last Thursday, and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has said he wants to bring the bill for a full Senate vote when lawmakers return from the recess.

But on Tuesday, Republicans were hit with something of a triple whammy: Three different groups offered critical analyses of the bill’s potentially negative effects on the federal budget, Americans’ taxes, and the broader US economy. While the Senate is still expected to make changes to the legislation, each of the new studies shows that the Senate’s bill has some significant underlying problems.

Tax Policy Center says it would raise taxes on half of Americans

Perhaps the most damning of the new reports came from the Urban Institute and Brookings Institution’s Tax Policy Center.

The nonpartisan group’s analysis of the legislation found that while all income groups would get a tax cut from the bill in the short term and long term, many Americans would see their taxes increase. From the report:

In 2019: Americans, on average, would see their taxes cut by $US1,300, an increase in take-home pay of 1.7%. Americans in the middle quintile of income earners – $US50,000 to $US87,000 a year – would get a tax cut of $US850, on average, and receive 18.4% of the tax cuts’ benefits. People in the top 1% of incomes, more than $US750,000 a year, would see a cut of $US34,130, on average, and receive 17.6% of the bill’s total benefit.

Americans, on average, would see their taxes cut by $US1,300, an increase in take-home pay of 1.7%. Americans in the middle quintile of income earners – $US50,000 to $US87,000 a year – would get a tax cut of $US850, on average, and receive 18.4% of the tax cuts’ benefits. People in the top 1% of incomes, more than $US750,000 a year, would see a cut of $US34,130, on average, and receive 17.6% of the bill’s total benefit. In 2027: The bill’s proposed sunset of the individual tax cuts, combined with other changes to the code, means benefits would be substantially less for the middle class. The average cut for all Americans would be just $US300, and 50.3% of American households would actually see their taxes increase by this point. Those in the middle quintile of earners would see a tax cut of just $US50, on average, and 65.6% of these people would see their taxes go up. People in the top 1% of income earners, however, would still get a tax cut of $US32,510, on average, and would receive 61.8% of the total tax benefits from the plan. Just 16.8% of people in the top 1% would see a tax increase.

Economists do not think the bill will grow the economy

Trump and Republicans have argued that the cuts in the plan would stimulate economic growth and even help “pay for” its new spending. Most economists aren’t buying the rosy projections.

But according to the IGM Forum survey of 42 academic economists by the University of Chicago’s Booth School of Business, only one economist agreed that “US GDP will be substantially higher a decade from now” than under the current baseline. In fact, 52% disagreed or strongly disagreed that the bill would lead to significant economic growth, and 36% were uncertain.

And when asked whether the “US debt-to-GDP ratio will be substantially higher” in 10 years under the bill compared with current law, 88% of the economists agreed or strongly agreed, 2% were uncertain, and the rest abstained.

Penn-Wharton budget model says the bill would blow a hole in the deficit

The final rough analysis for the legislation came from a new report from the University of Pennsylvania, using its Penn-Wharton Budget Model to assess the budgetary effects of the bill.

While Trump administration officials say the legislation would pay for itself, some Senate Republicans have been hesitant to support the bill over concerns that it would cause a massive increase in the federal debt.

The Penn model found that the bill would increase the federal deficit by $US1.327 trillion over the first 10 years after it becomes law (not including debt-service costs). Even when factoring in the economic boost from the tax cuts, according to the report, the bill would still add $US1.271 trillion in debt.

Either way, the model concludes that much like the House version of the bill, the Senate bill would not come close to paying for itself.

NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/the-20-best-smartphones-in-the-world-2017-11The 20 best smartphones in the worldAntonio Villas-Boas/Business Insider

The gap between good and great smartphones is getting smaller and smaller, and ranking smartphones is becoming harder and harder.

There’s a lot to consider here, such as specs, features, design, and price. Thankfully, most of these smartphones come with more than enough power, great designs, and tons of features.

The biggest thing to watch out for in the next month is price. Phones like the OnePlus 5T and Essential Phone cost as little as $US500, and there isn’t a huge difference between them and the $US800-plus phones on this list. Prices of big-name smartphones are increasing, but the moderately priced premium Android phone is clearly making a comeback, and it’s better than ever.

Check out the top 20 smartphones you can buy.

20. BlackBerry Classic

BlackBerry

If you’re still a BlackBerry fan, you’ll love the Classic. It looks like older BlackBerry models but features a sharp touchscreen and an excellent physical keyboard.

Price: $US240

19. Sony XZ Premium

Jeff Dunn/Business Insider

Jeff Dunn, my former colleague, reviewed this phone for Business Insider, and he summed it up perfectly:

On the one hand, “this is a good phone,” he wrote.”The screen is great, the software is clean, and the whole thing is superfast.”

But on the other, “with its underwhelming battery and slippery, sometimes uncomfortable design, it’s not the device that should reverse Sony’s fortunes.”

Previously priced at $US800, the XZ Premium is now available for less than $US600 on Amazon, which makes it easier to live with its shortcomings.

Price: $US570



Read the Sony XZ Premium review »



18. BlackBerry KeyOne

Jeff Dunn/Business Insider

The KeyOne is BlackBerry’s successor to the Priv. Both run Android and feature physical keyboards. But while the Priv’s keyboard slid out from behind its screen, the KeyOne’s is permanently located just below its display.

The KeyOne is a great device for those who want a physical keyboard and access to Google’s apps and services, which aren’t available on other BlackBerry devices.

Price: $US500



Read the BlackBerry KeyOne review »



17. Motorola Moto G5 Plus

Business Insider/Jeff Dunn

The Moto G5 Plus continues to be our favourite budget-friendly Android smartphone. It demonstrates that “good-but-not-great hardware can become strong value at the right price,” as Dunn said in his review.

With the G5 Plus, you get a 5.2-inch 1080p screen, a fingerprint scanner, great battery life, a 12-megapixel camera that beats those of other phones in its price range, a nearly pristine version of Android, and a sleek design. All for a mere $US230.

It doesn’t have as many features as premium phones. For example, it doesn’t have an NFC antenna, so it can’t be used for mobile payments. And to charge the G5 Plus, you’ll have to use a microUSB cable – it doesn’t support USB-C, the newer, faster phone-charging standard.

Price: $US230



Read the Moto G5 Plus review »



16. Motorola Moto G5S Plus

The Moto G5S Plus is an upgrade from the G5 Plus.

The newer phone features an all-metal design, whereas the previous one has a half-metal, half-plastic case. And the new phone has a bigger screen – a 5.5-inch display versus 5.2-inch one.

But one of the biggest improvements is in the camera. The G5S Plus has a 13-megapixel dual-lens camera system.

Price: $US280

15. Motorola Moto Z2 Force

The new Moto Z2 Force comes with everything you’d expect from a premium smartphone. As Dunn noted in his review, it’s “very fast, its screen looks good, its cameras are capable of taking nice photos, and it has a razor-thin frame.” And its 5.5-inch Amoled display is more resistant to cracking than most other smartphones’ screens.

However, the Z2 Force is a little too reliant on Motorola’s Mods – the company’s line of snap-on accessories, including external speakers and bigger batteries, designed for its Z-series phones. Without such Mods, the Z2 Force doesn’t feel like a complete-enough device to push it higher on this list.

Price: $US720



Check out the Moto Z2 Force review »



14. Apple iPhone SE/6s/6s Plus

Apple

I grouped all these together, because they’re all two years old, have similar specs, and are still available from Apple. They’re also still amazing smartphones. Apple recently released iOS 11, the latest version of its mobile operating system, and my iPhone 6s Plus still runs great with it.

The SE, 6s, and 6s Plus all feature great cameras and Apple’s Touch ID fingerprint sensor, which allows you to quickly unlock your phone. Another bonus: These are the last iPhones that still have headphone jacks.

These phones are even better if you buy them refurbished at a deep discount from Apple.

Price: iPhone SE $US350

Price: iPhone 6s $US450

Price: iPhone 6s Plus $US550





Read the iPhone SE review »









Read the iPhone 6s review »





13. HTC U11

Jeff Dunn/Business Insider

The U11 has an excellent camera, an eye-catching reflective back, and speedy performance. And it has a fun feature that allows you to squeeze its edges to open any app you want, including Google Assistant.

In most respects, it’s a great Android smartphone. But it has two notable shortcomings – it lacks a headphone jack and the borders around its display are relatively large, something that now looks “old-fashioned” in terms of design.

Price: $US650





Read the HTC U11 review »





12. LG G6

Antonio Villas-Boas/Business Insider

The G6 is LG’s best smartphone, and it’s truly great. With it, LG is finally offering a phone with a premium design and water resistance – features that put the G6 in the same league as Samsung and Apple’s flagship devices.

The G6 has a good dual-lens camera. It also has a slightly longer than average screen that’s great for viewing and using apps, because it shows more of them than a standard display.

But the G6 has one notable downside – an older processor. Its Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 chip was superseded by the Snapdragon 835 just two months after the G6 launched. Unlike the G6, Samsung’s Galaxy S8, one of its chief rivals, has the newer chip.

While the Snapdragon 821 is still a great processor, its likely to become obsolete sooner than its successor, and the G6 is likely to start seeming slower sooner than the Galaxy S8.

Price: $US545





Read the LG G6 review »





11. Essential Phone

Antonio Villas-Boas/Business Insider

The Essential Phone is a gorgeous device. It has a mostly edge-to-edge display and a case made of ultra-premium materials – ceramic on the back and titanium on the sides. It also runs a near-stock version of Android, which I prefer over the heavily modified versions that Samsung and LG phones tend to use.

Overall, the Phone is a great first effort from Essential. It’s a speedy performer, and it takes great photos, too. It has two magnetic pins on its back that serve as a connection point for peripherals including a 360-degree camera and a wireless charging dock.

Essential recently dropped the price of the Phone from $US700 to $US500. That’s a great deal for a great phone.

Price: $US500





Read the Essential Phone review »





10. Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+

Business Insider

The Galaxy S8 and S8+ are among the best looking smartphone out right now. It’s better looking than Apple’s iPhone 8, and it’s sleeker than Samsung’s Note 8.

With the S8 and S8+, Samsung took the curved glass design it used with the S7 and refined it. Meanwhile, the ultra-narrow borders around the S8’s screen make it the new standard for premium smartphone design.

In addition to their good looks, the Galaxy S8 phones are also full of great features. They’re water resistant. They have taller-than-average screens that allow you to see more of your apps or web pages. They supports both fast and wireless charging, and face and iris recognition. They have one of the best cameras, and unlike Apple Pay or Android Pay, Samsung Pay wireless payments service work on pretty much every credit card reader. The home button is also hidden beneath the display, so it’s familiar to use compared to new phones that have ditched the home button entirely.

With all those attributes, you’re likely wondering why the S8 phones didn’t make the top of this list. Here’s why: I’m not a fan of TouchWiz, Samsung’s software interface that runs on top of Android. I prefer the clean look and features of stock Android.

But it’s more than a simple personal preference. Modifications like TouchWiz almost always prevent the phones running them from installing the latest Android updates when they’re released. And that’s the case here.

The S8 phones do rely on TouchWiz for face and iris recognition capabilities. But those features don’t make up for their likely inability to install timely Android updates.

Price: Galaxy S8 $US638

Price: Galaxy S8+ $US704





Read the Samsung Galaxy S8 review »





9. Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus

Hollis Johnson/Business Insider

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are now a year old, but at their new $US550 and $US670 price tags, they easily beats the Galaxy S8 phones.

Apple phones generally offer better apps and a better owner experience than their Android rivals, and the iPhone 7 is no different. The support you get from Apple if something goes wrong is much better than what you get from Android device makers. And unlike on most Android phones, with iPhones you can always get the latest software updates straight from Apple as soon as it releases them.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus offer some compelling features, including a water-resistant case, a great camera that performs well in low light, and a powerful processor. It also works really well with other Apple products, including the company’s wireless AirPods headphones.

The iPhone 7 Plus’ dual-lens camera systems is the key feature. It allows you to take pictures with a professional-looking “bokeh” effect, which blurs the background behind the photo’s subject. The second camera in its system is a telephoto lens that offers a 2x optical zoom. Unlike the digital zoom feature found in other cameras, an optical zoom allows you to enlarge an image of your subject without sacrificing picture quality.

Price: $US550

Price: $US670





Check out the iPhone 7 review »





8. Razer Phone

The Razer Phone is marketed as a “gaming” phone, mostly because of its unique display that plays games incredibly smoothly. Indeed, the Razer Phone’s display can achieve up to 120 frames per second (fps), whereas most phones only go up to 60 fps. Having twice the fps makes for super-smooth gameplay.

But high fps isn’t just for gamers. The Android operating system running on the Razer Phone, as well as apps, gets the high fps treatment, too, and it works beautifully. Everything you do on the phone is ultra-smooth in a way that we’ve never seen before on a smartphone. In fact, Razer may have inadvertently set a new standard for how all phone displays should work moving forward, not just gaming phones.

It also has an eye-catching industrial design compared to most sleek and svelte Android phones. The large bezels above and below the Razer Phone’s display may not appeal to everyone, especially since most phones in 2017 have switched over to bezel-less designs. However, hiding beneath those massive bezels are the loudest and best smartphone speakers we’ve heard on any smartphone.

Price: $US700

7. Samsung Galaxy Note 8

Sarah Jacobs/Business Insider

With its gorgeous design, the ultra-thin borders around its screen, its beautiful display, fast performance, dual-lens camera system, and fancy stylus-based features, the Note 8 takes the best attributes of Samsung’s Galaxy S and Note smartphone lines and smashes them together into a phone that’s hard to beat.

Price: $US920





Check out the Galaxy Note 8 review »





6. OnePlus 5T

Antonio Villas-Boas/Business Insider

If you’re not looking to spend $US850 or more on a large-screened phone, the OnePlus 5T is the Android phone to get. It’s truly a fantastic phone that’s only made better by its incredible $US500 starting price.

It also comes with more RAM than any other smartphone we’ve tried, which guarantees top performance. On top of that, its camera is great and comes with a portrait mode that competes with the iPhone X and Pixel 2 phones. And, my personal favourite feature, it runs a near-stock version of Android.

Price: $US500





Check out the OnePlus 5T review »





5. Google Pixel 2

Google

The Pixel 2 might not be the most beautiful Android phone you can buy, but its secret weapon is its pure Android experience.

The device runs the latest version of the operating system. Because it’s unadulterated, that version looks and runs better than any of the tweaked takes on Android other phone makers include with their devices.

Better yet, because the Pixel 2’s Android is unmodified, you’ll be able to install the latest updates to the operating system as soon as Google rolls them out. That’s not something you can usually do with other Android phones. It’s something I feel is important because who doesn’t want the latest software from the top software company in the world?

But the Pixel 2 has other features that help put it ahead of other Android devices, including its amazingly good camera, excellent performance, and great battery life. It’s like a less attractive but smarter Samsung Galaxy phone.

The Pixel 2 is also water resistant, unlike its predecessor, the original Pixel. But while we rated that device higher than last year’s iPhone 7, the new device doesn’t out rate the new iPhone 8. While the iPhone 8 supports wireless charging and ships with a set of headphones, the Pixel 2 offers neither.

Price: $US650





Check out the Pixel 2 review »





4. Google Pixel 2 XL

Google

The Pixel 2 XL has nearly the same components and features that make the Pixel 2 great, but it comes in a bigger package with a larger display and an updated, fresher-looking design. The Pixel 2 XL isn’t the best looking Android phone, but with the narrow borders around its screen, it looks sleeker and more refined than its smaller sibling or its predecessors from last year.

And the unadulterated Android experience it offers is unbeatable.

You should note, though, that users and reviewers have reported encountering several different problems with the Pixel 2 XL, mostly with its screen. I haven’t experienced any of the reported problems while testing my review unit, so I’m not factoring them into the phone’s ranking.

Users were also complaining that colours on the Pixel 2 XL’s display weren’t as vibrant as other top Android phones. Google has recently issued an update that makes colours more vibrant.

Price: $US850





Check out the Pixel 2 XL review »





3. Apple iPhone 8

Hollis Johnson/Business Insider

Google’s original Pixel phones topped last year’s iPhone 7. But now that the iPhones are here, Apple is back on top.

The iPhone 8 comes with a refined glass and metal case, a superb camera, and incredible performance. With it, Apple is finally supporting both wireless and fast charging – features that Android phones have long offered but had been missing from previous iPhones.

What pushes the iPhone 8 ahead of the Android pack is its iOS operating system and the broader Apple ecosystem. You can get the latest updates straight from Apple as soon as they’re released, iOS apps are generally better designed than their Android counterparts, and if something goes wrong with your phone, you can get help at one of the hundreds of Apple stores.

Price: $US700





Check out the iPhone 8 review »





2. Apple iPhone 8 Plus

Hollis Johnson/Business Insider

The iPhone 8 Plus includes all the best things about the iPhone 8. But it adds to those a bigger, better screen and a dual-lens camera system that features a telephoto lens and the ability to take shots similar to those you could capture with a professional camera.

Price: $US800





Check out the iPhone 8 review »





1. iPhone X

Hollis Johnson/Business Insider

It’s undeniable. The iPhone X offers the best of the iPhone and Apple ecosystem along with the best design in a smartphone we’ve ever seen.

With its outrageously beautiful OLED display that takes up most of the front of the phone, wireless charging, and fast charging, the iPhone X has brought Apple’s iPhones up to speed with top-of-the-line Android hardware. Indeed, Android owners always enjoyed the latest smartphone hardware features until now.

It will cost you $US1,000 minimum, but that’s the price of near perfection in a smartphone.

Price: $US1,000





Check out the iPhone X review »





NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/lamborghini-huracan-spyder-review-pictures-details-2017-11We drove a $314,000 Lamborghini Huracan Spyder -- here's what impressed us most about the supercarBenjamin Zhang/Business Insider

The Lamborghini Huracan Spyder starts at around $US262,000, but our option heavy test car cost nearly $US314,000.

The Huracan Spyder is the drop-top variant of Lamborghini’s hot-selling entry-level supercar.

Our Huracan test car delivered Lamborghini performance with an extra dose of sunshine.

Before it’s all said and done, the Huracan will be the best selling Lamborghini supercar of all time.

In just three years, Lamborghini has sold more than 9,000 Huracans worldwide. It took Lamborghini a decade to sell 14,000 Gallardos, the current record holder.

And it’s not hard to see why it’s so popular with the brand’s customers.

The Huracan is fast and agile with smouldering good looks and an intoxicating exhaust note. In 2015, Lambo’s entry-level offering was a runner-up for our Car of the Year Award that year.

But what happens when you chop the top off the Huracan? Did the lack soft-top muzzle the Huracan’s sparkling personality or spoil its stylish silhouette?

To find out, we spent a week with a Balloon White Huracan Spyder.

The Facts

Matthew DeBord/BI

The Lamborghini Huracan Spyder is powered by 5.2-litre, naturally aspirated V10 producing 602 horsepower. The Lambo gets all that power to the road through a seven-speed twin-clutch gearbox and an advanced all-wheel-drive system.

The Huracan is also available in rear-wheel-drive. However, that version gets a detuned 572 horsepower version of the same engine.

According to Lamborghini, the all-wheel-drive Huracan can hit 62 mph in a blistering 3.4 seconds and reach a top speed of 201 mph.

The Huracan Spyder starts at a shade over $US262,000 with our option laden test car coming out to nearly $US314,000.

Raising the roof

Matthew DeBord/BI

Like its corporate cousin, the Audi R8 Spyder, the Huracan gets a tough canvas roof instead of a folding metal affair popular among high-priced drop tops these days. The top is available in three colours; black, brown, and red. Our test car came with the red top.

The electro-hydraulic roof can be raised and lowered in just 17 seconds at speeds up to 31 mph.

As with any convertible, the minute the roof is lopped off, chassis rigidity is compromised. Even with heavy-duty chassis reinforcements to make up for the missing roof, performance is lacking when compared to the coupe counterpart. The question is whether or not Lamborghini has done enough to overcome that. Well, I can honestly say, yes.

The carbon fibre and aluminium-intensive chassis feels rock solid. Lamborghini claims the Huracan Spyder’s chassis is 40% stiffer than its predecessor, the Gallardo Spyder. Scuttle shake was nowhere to be found. Even on New Jersey’s notoriously pot hole heavy roads.

(“Scuttle shake” is annoying vibrations commonly exhibited by cars with lower chassis rigidity that experience too much flex.)

The experience

Benjamin Zhang/Business Insider

On the road, the Huracan Spyder is superb. The heart of this beast is the naturally aspirated V10, shared with the Audi R8. As loud and enthusiastic as the motor is in the Audi, in the Lambo its dialed up to 11. There’s an added level of raw power and emotion that simply doesn’t exist in the Audi.

Best of all, there are no turbochargers around to disturb the velvety smooth power delivery of the V10 nor are they present to muffle the sweet music of the ten-cylinder symphony.

The twin-clutch gearbox pairs well with the broad powerband of the engine like the dry red and juicy steak.

Around the corners, the Huracan Spyder remains well behaved and composed even when pushed to its limits. The all-wheel-drive Lambo is so docile that my colleague Matt DeBord felt that this raging bull was simply not angry enough.

However, anyone looking to spend time sideways in a Lamborghini should take a look at the less powerful, but wilder rear-wheel-drive Huracan.

Retract the top and the Huracan Spyder takes it to a whole another level. With the air whizzing past you, the rumble of the V10 resonating behind your hear, and a kiss of sunshine on your forehead Lamborghini motoring en plein air is something to be experienced.

The verdict

Matthew DeBord/BI

Overall, I cherished my time with the Lamborghini Huracan Spyder. While the Audi R8 V10 Spyder is more grand tourer in a supercar body, the Huracan Spyder is a supercar in a supercar body.

In most instances, it’s user-friendly and rather comfortable.

But don’t let its politeness lull you into complacency. Underneath Lamborghini’s Audi-sourced civility lurks a raging beast ready to be unleashed. If you ever find yourself on a winding stretch of road with liberal speed limits, the Huracan will gladly show you what it’s all about.

NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/study-trump-news-media-bias-negative-stories-2017-10This is how different media outlets covered Trump's first 100 days in officeMartin H. Simon – Pool/Getty Images Donald Trump.

A study released last month found that news coverage of President Donald Trump’s first months in office differed significantly among outlets with right- and left-leaning audiences.

It also found that early news coverage of the Trump administration was much more negative than that of other modern presidencies.

A Pew Research Center study released last month found that news coverage of President Donald Trump’s first months was significantly different among outlets with right-leaning audiences and those with left-leaning or ideologically diverse audiences.

Overall, Trump’s early media coverage was much more negative than early coverage of other modern presidencies.

While Trump constantly admonishes the press, calling it “fake news” and “the enemy of the American people,” and attacks individual reporters, some of his aides, including top counselor Kellyanne Conway, have focused their complaints on the preponderance of negative stories about the administration. Conway says the media provides “incomplete coverage” of Trump, failing to report on the more positive stories and choosing political over policy coverage.

“I think we need a full and free press in our nation, of course,”Conway said at conference last month. “But with that freedom comes responsibility. So my grievance is never about fake news. I talk about incomplete coverage.”

The Pew study found that while news outlets – regardless of the political leanings of their audiences – largely reported on the same issues, and similarly focused on character and leadership rather than policy, during the first months of the Trump administration, they included different types of sources and assessed the president differently.

Overall, news stories concerning Trump’s first 100 days were four times more likely to provide a negative assessment than a positive one, making his coverage far more negative than that of his predecessors.

Just 5% of media coverage of Trump’s first 60 days was positive, compared to 42% of President Barack Obama’s coverage, 22% of President George W. Bush’s coverage, and 27% of stories about President Bill Clinton.

Pew Research Center

Pew also found discrepancies between outlets with right-leaning audiences versus those with left-leaning or ideologically diverse audiences. Those with more conservative readers and viewers were less likely to cite multiple types of sources, included more positive and fewer negative assessments of Trump, and their reporters were less likely to challenge an assertion made by the president or the administration.

The vast majority of stories from other outlets cited multiple source types, including experts, administration officials, and lawmakers, and were double as likely to include comments from both Democratic and Republican members of Congress.

Pew Research Center

The study assessed more than 3,000 television, radio, and web stories from 24 outlets over the course of Trump’s first 100 days in office.

A full list of outlets included in the study can be found here.

NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/former-boxer-james-toney-says-he-wished-he-had-punched-donald-trump-when-he-had-the-chance-2017-11A former world champion boxer once promoted by Donald Trump says he wished he punched him when he had the chanceGetty Images James Toney (centre) with boxing promoters Don King (left) and Dan Goossen (right).

A former world champion boxer regrets not punching US president Donald Trump when he had the chance in the 1990s.

American fighter James Toney fought three times at the Trump Taj Mahal in Atlantic City and had a run-in with Trump when the president called him “Whatshisname.”

Toney also says Trump is a “racist” because of the way activist and former NFL star Colin Kaepernick has been treated.

A former world champion boxer says he regrets not punching US president Donald Trump when he had the chance.

A decorated prizefighter, American boxer James Toney has notable victories over devastating puncher Michael Nunn, heavy hitter Mike McCallum, and former Olympic gold medalist Vassiliy Jirov.

But before Toney became a remowned fighter around the world, he was once on a show promoted by Donald Trump.

Speaking to Donald McRae in The Guardian, Toney recalled an incident when he was competing on the same event as headlining boxer Roy Jones Jr.

Toney took on Doug DeWitt, but before their super middleweight fight in 1992 at the Trump Taj Mahal in Atlantic City, Trump called Toney “Whatsisname.” The 49-year-old regrets not punching “him in the face.”

He said: “Remember when he was a promoter and he had me and Roy [Jones] on the same bill in Atlantic City. I should have punched him in the face but my mum… stopped me.”

“Trump pointed to me and was saying: ‘Call Whatsisname over here.’ I’m thinking: ‘Whatsisname? I’m your headline attraction and you can’t say my name?’ I said to Trump: ‘I’m going to bust your head open, mother f*****.'”

Toney says he was “pulled away,” but regrets not “knocking his head off and saving the world lots of trouble.”

Getty Images Trump was a boxing promoter in the 1990s and is still seen ringside at modern-day fights.

He also said that the treatment of former San Francisco 49ers quaterback Colin Kaepernick shows that Trump is “a racist.”

Kaepernick protested police brutality against black Americans by bending a knee rather than standing for the pre-game US national anthem.

Kaepernick opted out of his 49ers contract in March 2017. He is currently a free agent and has not been signed by any NFL side.

Trump has been a vocal opponent of the take-a-knee movement and posted a series of tweets in September.

In an apparent reference to Kaepernick, Trump said that if a player protests the national anthem then club owners should “Get that son of a b**** off the field.”

The Atlantic said Trump’s war of words focused on “black athletes” like Kaepernick. The New Yorker also wrote an article about the “racial demagoguery of Trump’s assault on Kaepernick.”

Toney said: “[Trump is] the president but he’s a racist. That’s why Colin Kaepernick hasn’t got a job. Pure racism from Trump down.”

Getty Images Colin Kaepernick (right) is currently a free agent but was the trailblazer in the take a knee movement.

NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/labour-mp-ivan-lewis-suspended-over-sexual-harassment-allegations-2017-11Labour MP Ivan Lewis suspended over sexual harassment allegationsIvan Lewis becomes the latest senior Labour figure to be suspended following sexual harassment allegations.

The MP for Bury South was accused of repeatedly touching a woman’s leg and inviting back to her house when she was 19-years-old.

LONDON – The Labour Party has suspended MP Ivan Lewis and launched an investigation into allegations of sexual harassment made against him.

A woman has accused the MP for Bury South of repeatedly touching her leg at a fundraising event and inviting back to his home in 2010, when she was aged 19, BuzzFeed reported.

The woman confirmed last week that she had made an official complaint to the party. The BuzzFeed report added that several other women have reported feeling harassed by Lewis in the past.

Lewis, who served as International Development minister under former Prime Minister Gordon Brown, last month denied the 2010 allegation but accepted his behaviour to female colleagues in the past had been “unwelcome.”

In a statement given to BuzzFeed, Lewis said he had “good professional relationships and enduring friendships with virtually all my female colleagues.” However, he added:

“I understand that a few women have claimed that my behaviour made them feel uncomfortable. I have on occasion asked women I work with out for drinks or dinner, or developed strong feelings for them, and I am genuinely sorry if this was unwelcome or inappropriate in the circumstances, and caused anyone to feel awkward.”

The Labour MP has denied ever making “non-consensual sexual comments or sexual advances to women.”

It is not clear whether it is the 2010 allegation which has resulted in the party’s decision to suspend Lewis. He has also stepped down from his position as the joint lead for homelessness under Greater Manchester mayor Andy Burnham.

A Labour Party spokesperson said: “The Labour Party takes all allegations of sexual harassment extremely seriously. Ivan Lewis is currently suspended from the Labour Party pending an investigation.”

Other Labour figures accused

Lewis, who was also at one stage a member of Ed Miliband’s shadow cabinet, is the second Labour MP to be suspended following the emergence of sexual misconduct claims in Westminster.

Earlier this month Kelvin Hopkins MP was suspended following allegations that he sent inappropriate text messages to a young woman and rubbed himself up against her at a political event in 2013.

Jeremy Corbyn’s aide David Prescott has also been suspended from his role in the Labour leader’s office following undisclosed allegations.

NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/theres-a-high-chance-that-ubers-failure-to-disclose-its-hack-was-illegal-2017-11There's a 'high chance' that Uber's failure to disclose its hack was illegalUber on Tuesday revealed that it had covered up a data breach that took place in 2016, affecting 57 million users.

The company failed to tell authorities around the world and, according to Bloomberg, paid $US100,000 to the hackers to cover up the breach, which included names, emails, and phone numbers.

UK authorities have said British users were affected but haven’t said how many.

The UK’s digital minister, Matt Hancock, said the company probably broke the law – the most damning statement yet from the government.

The questions are piling up on Uber about a data breach that put at least 57 million users at risk but wasn’t disclosed by the company.

The ride-hailing company is now under investigation in the US, the UK, and other countries for failing to disclose the hack to authorities and apparently paying hackers to cover up the breach.

Now the UK’s digital minister, Matt Hancock, has given the most damning official statement yet on the breach by suggesting the company broke the law by failing to disclose.

Hancock made the comments in Parliament on Thursday. Asked by Labour MP Kevin Brennan whether Uber had broken the law in relation to the breach, Hancock responded that Brennan “asked whether this is illegal under current UK law – that of course is matter for the courts, but I think there’s a very high chance that it is.”

Neither Hancock nor Brennan went into further detail.

Uber did not specifically respond to Hancock’s comments but said in a statement: “We are in the process of notifying various regulatory and government authorities and we expect to have ongoing discussions with them. Until we complete that process we aren’t in a position to get into any more details.”

Hancock added that it’s an “aggravating factor” if a company gets hacked but doesn’t tell authorities immediately. That can potentially lead to higher fines, though in the case of the UK’s data authority, that’s only a maximum of £500,000, or $US665,000. Bloomberg on Tuesday reported that Uber had paid the attackers a $US100,000 ransom.

“Delaying notification is not acceptable,” Hancock said.

The UK’s data watchdog, the Information Commissioner’s Office,has already said it will investigate the breach.

We still don’t know how many British users were affected

The ICO has confirmed British users were affected by the hack but hasn’t yet given an estimate on how many.

According to Hancock, Uber has handed over information on how many of its UK users were affected by the hack.

But he said the government didn’t fully trust the figures.

He said: “In terms of the number, we do not have sufficient confidence in the number we have been told by Uber to go public. We’re working with the [National Cyber Security Centre] to have more confidence in that figure.”

Hancock pointed out that the number of customers affected by the hack on the US consumer-data giant Equifax turned out to be bigger than originally estimated. The government says it plans to publish its findings in “a matter of days.”

It also turns out that the government found out about the hack only from media reports on Tuesday, with Uber giving statements to the press before speaking with UK authorities, Hancock said.

“Uber had failed to tell the UK authorities before they spoke to the media,” he said.

“As far as we can tell, it was not a hack perpetrated in the UK. Our role is therefore to at this stage is to understand how UK citizens were affected. We are working with the ICO and the NCSC, and they are talking to the [Federal Trade Commission] and others to get to the bottom of this.”

Hancock added that it seemed unlikely that any of the stolen information could be used to steal customers’ money.

“At this stage, our initial assessment for Uber customers … the stolen information is not the sort of information that would allow direct financial crime.”

NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/leaked-document-reveals-eus-scathing-view-of-uks-unimpressive-politicians-2017-11Leaked document reveals the EU's scathing assessment of Britain's 'unimpressive' politiciansGareth Fuller PA Wire/PA Images Boris Johnson and David Davis

A leaked report quotes EU officials as saying the government is in “chaos” over Brexit.

Senior EU figures view Britain’s leading politicians as “unimpressive” and low quality.

Irish government paper notes that Brexit Secretary David Davis had a meeting with the French European affairs minister without mentioning Brexit once.

Prime minister’s spokesperson says the government is working hard on Brexit.

LONDON – A leaked document has revealed the scathing view of senior EU figures about leading politicians in Theresa May’s government

The internal paper by the Irish government’s Department of Foreign Affairs documents scathing assessments of British ministers and EU figures bemoaning “political confusion” in the government contributing to the slow progress of Brexit talks.

One senior official said they were alarmed by “chaos in the Conservative government,” as ministers argue over the correct course to take as the UK leaves the EU, Irish broadcaster RTÉ reported.

According to the leaked paper, officials were amazed that Brexit Secretary David Davis had barely mentioned Brexit during a meeting with the French ministers for defence and European Affairs.

This surprised the French ministers, who thought Davis would use the meeting as an opportunity to try and smooth French resistance to negotiations advancing to the next stage.

The Czech Republic’s Deputy Minister for Foreign Affairs Jakub Dürr told Irish officials “he felt sorry for British Ambassadors around the EU trying to communicate a coherent message when there is political confusion at home.”

In a separate meeting, a minister in the Czech government described Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson as “unimpressive” but said that at least he had “avoided any gaffes” during a visit to the country in September.

The report is based on a series of meetings between Irish ambassadors and officials with government officials in ten EU countries and Japan.

It quotes Ian Forrester, the British judge in the European Court of Justice, bemoaning “the quality of politicians in Westminster.”

According to the paper, Forrester went on to wonder whether the British public would view Brexit as “a great mistake” when they realised the reality of what leaving the EU meant for the UK.

The comments will be a worry to Theresa May, as she attempts to break the deadlock in Brexit talks before a crucial European Council summit next month.

EU heads of state will use the meeting to decide if “sufficient progress” has been made on three key issues to allow negotiations to move onto the next stage.

Last week Taoiseach Leo Varadkar said that Brexit talks are not even close to progressing to the next stage.

The prime minister’s spokesperson told Business Insider: “I don’t comment on leaked documents but more broadly the government is working hard on preparations for Brexit. You can see that work is ongoing. There are ongoing preparations for all eventualities as spelled out by the chancellor yesterday. On Ireland, I would reiterate there is a good and constructive working relationship with the Prime Minister and the Taoiseach.

“I have not seen the document and I will never comment on leaked documents.”

Liberal Democrat MP and Brexit spokesperson told MPs on Thursday that the report painted a “rather unflattering picture of the UK government’s negotiating skills,” and asked Leader of the House Andrea Leadsom for a debate on the government’s incompetence.

In response, Leadsom told Brake to “stop talking the country down” and said: “We are extremely optimistic about the prospects for the UK as we leave the EU and his constant pessimism is not helping.”

NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/majestics-70-million-acquisition-of-naked-wines-paying-off-2017-11Majestic's £70 million acquisition of Naked Wines seems to be paying offUnsplash/Kym Ellis

Naked Wines was acquired by Majestic Wine in 2015.

The wine startup has 360,000 users who pay £20 a month to help fund the production of new wines.

The company was profitable in all of the geographic markets it operates in during the first half of its financial year.

Majestic Wine’s £70 million acquisition of Naked Wines – an online wine startup that asks its customers to fund the production of new wines – seems to be paying off just over two years after the deal went through.

Majestic Wine, which is listed, said on Thursday that Naked Wines helped its profits rise to around £6.8 million in the first half of its financial year. Majestic Wine broke even this time last year.

Naked Wines was profitable in all three of its geographic markets, according to the results, which cover the 26 weeks leading up to October 2. The company, which is less than 10 years old, had adjusted earnings before interest and tax of £4.72 million – a considerable improvement on this time last year, when it recorded a loss of £2.78 million.

Rowan Gormley, chief executive of Majestic Wines, said in a statement: “In this half, Naked Wines has demonstrated the quality of its model.”

Gormley added: “It has become a disciplined business committed to continuous improvement.”

Headquartered in Norwich, Naked Wines now has 360,000 customers who pay £20 a month each to get access to new wines. The majority of their subscription fee is passed on to wine producers.

Naked Wines managing director Eamon Fitzgerald told Business Insider that the £20 monthly fee is like a “top up or credit”.

“So that gives you access to wines you can’t get anywhere else,” he said. “They’re exclusive to us. And that gives you discounted prices.

Shutterstock/ MaraZe

“The reason we can get discounted prices is we take all of those £20s and we invest in wine makers’ production. Typical wine makers have to make the wine first, store it all, then hop on a plane, go to a wine fair, try and find an agent, they will find a buyer. There is a lot of cost in the middle there. So actually what the wine costs to make and what the consumer ends up paying, the wine maker gets rinsed.”

Naked Wines is investing the majority of its user subscription fees into South African wine makers. But it’s also funding wine makers in New Zealand, California, Australia, and even the UK.

The amount invested varies, but there are some wine makers in New Zealand that have received around £500,000 from Naked Wines, while another producer in Kent received £150,000 recently.

Naked Wines has funded the production of 500 types of wine over the years, according to Fitzgerald. He admits it’s risky business but only two of the variants have spoiled.

Fitzgerald said that Naked Wines is now starting to expand into other products in an effort to grow its business further.

“The business model naturally lends itself to other products that we’re looking at so we’ve just launched a craft beer discovery club, which has 2000 subscribers now in a very short space of time,” said Fitzgerald.

Naked Wines is also offering craft gin, as well as olive oil and artisan meats.

NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/eco-friendly-flat-pack-tiny-home-takes-six-hours-to-build-2017-11An Italian architect has designed an eco-friendly flat-pack home that costs £25,000 and only takes 6 hours to buildInstagram/domenico__antonucci M.A.DI flatpack homes offer a new solution to the global property crisis.

M.A.DI homes is selling flat-pack homes from just £25,000.

The tiny homes can be assembled in six to seven hours.

Each comes complete with kitchen and bathroom facilities, a staircase leading to a mezzanine living area, central heating, and air conditioning.

Italian architect Renato Vidal has designed a new affordable living concept – flat-pack homes which start from just £25,000 ($US33,000).

Called M.A.DI homes, the concept could work just as easily as a bachelor pad as it could a permanent family home.

Vidal’s modular houses are earthquake resistant and come complete with kitchen and bathroom facilities, a staircase and mezzanine living area, central heating, and air conditioning – and they apparently only take six or seven hours to assemble with three workers.

The tiny homes come in varying sizes, with prices beginning at €28,000 (£25,000 or $US33,000) for the smallest 27 square metre (290 sq ft) single unit, rising to €62,000 (£55,000 or $US73,000) for the 84 square metre (904 sq ft) triple family home.

A post shared by Domenico Antonucci (@domenico__antonucci) on Dec 10, 2016 at 7:49am PST

Designs will be drawn up within 10 days of the agreement of the sale, and delivery will be made 60 days from these drawings being accepted.

They’re flexible too, according to the brochures – if you decide to move location you can simply pack up your unit and take it with you.

Equally, if you’re in need of some more space, you can simply buy more modules to add to your house.

Each additional module costs €16,000 (£14,000 or $US19,000) while an extra staircase will set you back €2,000 (£1,800 or $US2,400).

The tiny homes, which are manufactured by Italian wood specialist Area Legno, are also eco-friendly.

Here’s a video of the assembly, which takes just six hours.

new concept of living#unfolded in just #24h #madiinitaly #fuorisalone2017#zonasantambrogio#parcosempione#piazzadelcannone #milanodesignweek#designporn #igersmilano#wood#innovation #dream #surprise#future#metadesign#roadtomilano#greenarchitecture#future#idea#innovazione#bio#change#metadesign#mdw17#woodworks#wheretostay# A post shared by madi home (@madi_home) on Mar 29, 2017 at 2:30am PDT

Inside, these CGI images show an open-plan living space which is pretty modern and stylish.

There’s an upper floor bedroom mezzanine and a staircase to get to it.

If you decide to move location, you can simply pack up your unit and take it with you.

M.A.DI homes could be the latest answer to the global property crisis.

NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/john-mcdonnell-struggles-to-explain-labour-borrowing-plans-2017-11John McDonnell says 'that's why we have iPads' after failing to explain Labour's borrowing plansPhilip Toscano/PA Wire/PA Images John McDonnell.

Labour’s John McDonnell was pressed on his own spending plans while responding to the government’s latest.

The BBC asked him to spell out the precise cost of Labour’s infrastructure plans.

He said it was a “trite question” which “iPads and advisors” can answer.

LONDON – Shadow Chancellor John McDonnell couldn’t to provide figures for Labour’s borrowing plans when pressed during an interview, but insisted that “iPads and advisers” do that job for him.

McDonnell was asked by Mishal Husain, a presenter on Radio 4’s “Today” programme, to explain exactly how much his plan to borrow money to invest in infrastructure would cost.

The MP for Hayes and Harlington was unable to provide exact numbers and accused Husain of asking him a “trite” question.

“The type of journalism where you go into an interview and they ask you a question on a particular figure is a trite form of journalism,” McDonnell said. “It’s why we have iPads and advisors.”

He later added that his investment plan “would pay for itself” because it would lead to economic growth.

“What we would do is ensure that day-to-day spending was not paid for by borrowing. It will be paid for through our tax system, and that means stop the tax giveaway to the rich and the corporations,” he said.

“That we would only invest for our infrastructure and that investment would pay for itself on the basis of the growth that we would achieve on those. And that’s a one-to-one return.

“Because, immediately that infrastructure puts more people back into work, they pay their taxes and as a result of that you are able to cover your costs.”

McDonnell has this week done a number of media interviews in response to the government’s budget plans, which were announced by Chancellor Philip Hammond on Wednesday.

The shadow chancellor endured a difficult interview with the BBC’s Andrew Neil on Wednesday night when he failed to provide a figure for how much the UK spends paying interest on the national debt.

“I know the figure but I haven’t got it in front of me,” he told Neil.

"If you didn't know the figure, then you don't know whether it is going up or down" @afneil tells @johnmcdonnellMP on #Budget2017 programme pic.twitter.com/uJW7IfeaB1 — BBC Daily Politics and Sunday Politics (@daily_politics) November 22, 2017

NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/malia-obama-dating-rory-farquharson-harvard-2017-11Barack Obama's daughter is reportedly dating an investment manager's son who was head boy at a £35,000-a-year private school in EnglandChip Somodevilla / Getty Malia Obama with her father, Barack Obama.

Malia Obama is dating Rory Farquharson, the British son of an investment manager, the Daily Mail reported.

Both 19, Obama and Farquharson met at Harvard, where they’re studying.

Farquharson attended the £35,000-a-year private Rugby School in England.

The 19-year-old daughter of former US President Barack Obama, Malia Obama, is reportedly dating the son of a British investment manager.

After TMZ published a video of Malia Obama kissing a man during the Harvard-Yale football game over the weekend, the Daily Mail identified him as Rory Farquharson, who was head boy at a £35,000-a-year ($US47,000-a-year) private school in England.

TMZ A screengrab of TMZ’s video of Malia Obama and a man who was later identified as Rory Farquharson.

Farquharson, 19, began his studies at Harvard last year, according to Rugby School, an English private school he attended, where a term’s education costs up to £11,584.

Here’s Farquharson pictured in June:

It's been an absolute delight and pleasure to have this exceptional student @rory_farq from @Harvard spend this week with us in Belfast ???? pic.twitter.com/ICFnJT19h5 — Conor Houston (@ConorHoustonNI) June 9, 2017

He was a golf and rugby player and was selected as “head of school” for the 2015-16 year. A school friend told the Daily Mail that he was “popular” and “quite a catch.”

Farquharson’s CV says he spent a summer as an intern with the Centre for Democracy and Peace Building in Northern Ireland, appeared in a rugby video played at the World Cup opening ceremony in 2015 (which Prince Harry also appeared in), and was a member of the Rugby School’s chemistry club, the Blue Bunsen Society.

Congratulations to Rory who played for the Irish Exiles on Sunday #wholepersonwholepoint #rugby pic.twitter.com/LwL89MXdyl — Rugby School (@RugbySchool1567) January 24, 2017

The Telegraph reported that Farquharson’s Twitter account, which has now been deleted, suggested he had an interest in investment just like his 57-year-old father, Charles, the CEO of the London-based Insight Investment Management Limited. His mother, Catherine, 58, is also a qualified accountant.

The family live in a six-bed detached home in Woodbridge, Suffolk, worth £1.6 million, The Telegraph reported.

Farquharson had also appeared to criticise US President Donald Trump on Twitter, according to The Telegraph. The Daily Mail reported, however, that Farquharson followed the current president on Twitter but did not follow Barack Obama.

NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/samsung-galaxy-s9-may-appear-at-ces-2018-2017-11Samsung's next flagship smartphone may make an early appearance in JanuaryDrew Angerer/Getty Images Samsung’s DJ Koh at the Galaxy S8’s launch event.

Samsung’s next high-end smartphones, the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+, may come earlier than usual.

They may make their first appearance as early as next January, at Las Vegas’ Consumer Electronics Show (CES).

They will reportedly be “iterative” devices, but still pack some new stuff, with a focus on power and overall polish.

Samsung’s new flagship smartphones for the first half of 2018 are already on their way, and may make a super-early appearance at next January’s CES.

The original report, from VentureBeat, mentions that the tentatively named “Galaxy S9” and “Galaxy S9+” will only be “iterative” devices, largely building on the noteworthy, trend-launching, almost bezel-less designs of this year’s S8 duo.

The S9 and S9+ are named “Star 1” and “Star 2” internally, and will reportedly feature the same 5.8- and 6.2-inch Quad HD, AMOLED displays of their respective predecessors.

Processors will apparently get a notable speed boost, however, moving the more energy-efficient 10-nanometre manufacturing process – strongly hinting at Qualcomm’s forthcoming Snapdragon 845, likely in conjunction with a new, in-house made Exynos counterpart for non-US markets.

The added power will also reportedly be coupled with 6GB of RAM, like on the more recent Note 8, as opposed to the 4GB its predecessors had, to better compete with Apple’s increasingly powerful A-line series and stay ahead of the competition in the Android space.

VentureBeat’s sources also say that 64GB of onboard storage will come in the base model, and the microSD card slot will remain, alongside the 3.5mm headphone jack.

The camera will change, instead, moving to a dual lens, vertically aligned setup (like on the iPhone X) that moves the fingerprint reader closer to the middle of the device’s back, in response to the numerous complaints Samsung received with the S8, S8+, and even the Note 8.

Last but not least is DeX, Samsung’s system that allows the S8 to function as a desktop workstation by plugging it into a monitor and keyboard with the support of a custom accessory. The new docking station will keep the phone in a flat position, VentureBeat says, and “utilise the screen as either a touchpad or a virtual keyboard.”

NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/aijalon-mahli-gomes-former-north-korea-prisoner-mysteriously-burns-to-death-2017-11An American taken prisoner by North Korea in 2010 was found burning to death in San DiegoA man was found burned to death in San Diego last week.

He turned out to be Aijalon Mahli Gomes, an American who was imprisoned in North Korea in 2010.

Gomes was detained after illegally entering the country from China.

Former President Jimmy Carter helped negotiate his release.

San Diego Police are still investigating the death.

An American man who was imprisoned for nine months in North Korea has mysteriously burned to death in San Diego.

Aijalon Mahli Gomes was found ablaze in a dirt field off the Pacific Highway around 11.30 p.m. last Friday, according to the San Diego Union Tribune.

An off-duty California Highway Patrol officer spotted Gomes on fire, running, then collapsing, San Diego Police homicide lieutenant Todd Griffin said on Tuesday. Firefighters and police responded to his calls, but Gomes was pronounced dead at the scene, the Fox 5 San Diego TV station reported.

A preliminary investigation into the death showed that the death was “not a homicide but rather an accidental death or suicide,” Griffin added. Police are still investigating the cause of the fire, The New York Times reported.

Gomes was arrested in January 2010 after crossing into North Korea from China, by walking through a frozen stretch of the Tumen River, according to his memoir, “Violence and Humanity.”

Pyongyang then accused the American, who was 30 at the time, of illegally crossing its border with China.

They also said he had committed an unspecified “hostile act,” and in April 2010 sentenced him to eight years of hard labour and a fine of about $US700,000 (£456,000 at the time).

He remained detained for nine months until former President Jimmy Carter flew to North Korea and negotiated his release in late August that year, the Times said.

It’s unclear what Gomes, then an English teacher in South Korea, was doing in the North. His uncle, Michael Farrow, told CNN at the time that Gomes “may have just been trying to peek in and help others and teach them.”

An Associated Press file photo from January 2010, however, showed him at a human rights protest at the Imjingak Pavilion, near the Panmunjom demilitarised zone separating the two Koreas.

According to Gomes’s book, he endured “psychological torment of interrogation and confinement” under detention.

He also tried to commit suicide during that time, which included slitting his wrists and trying to starve himself, according to the San Diego Tribune, which cited Gomes’s mother, Jacqueline McCarthy.

After returning home, McCarthy said Gomes suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder, and began “isolating from the family,” opting to communicate via text than in person.

The most recent high-profile case of an American detained in North Korea was that of Otto Warmbier, who was sentenced to 15 years’ imprisonment last year after being accused of trying to steal a poster from his hotel. The 22-year-old was released back to the US this June while in a coma, and died six days after returning home.

NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/neymar-scored-2-goals-and-toyed-with-celtic-in-a-landslide-7-1-win-2017-11Neymar scored 2 goals and 'toyed' with Celtic in a landslide 7-1 win, then paid homage to Floyd Mayweather after the matchGetty Images Neymar ‘put on a clinic of how to play exhilarating football,’ according to BT Sport pundit Rio Ferdinand.

Neymar was at his brilliant best as the PSG forward scored twice, created a goal, and “toyed” with Celtic in his club’s 7-1 win.

Rio Ferdinand said Neymar “put on a clinic of how to play exhilarating football” and that it was “a joy to watch.”

Neymar spoke to journalists after the game and paid homage to retired boxer Floyd Mayweather by wearing the American’s branded clothing.

Neymar scored twice in Paris Saint-Germain’s magnificent 7-1 victory over Celtic.

The Ligue 1 leader fell behind due to an early Celtic goal but was merciless in its comeback as Neymar, Edison Cavani, Kylian Mbappé, Marco Veratti, and Dani Alves all piled the pressure onto the Scottish opponents.

Neymar scored two goals, created another, and played pitch-perfect 40-yard passes. According to BT Sport pundit Rio Ferdinand, Neymar was “toying” with Celtic.

He said: “Neymar put on a clinic of how to play exhilarating football. Speed. Totally toying with the opponents. And [the PSG team] is doing it all with a smile on its faces – it’s a joy to watch.”

Though it was a team effort and there were five different goalscorers in the dominant victory, Neymar played a part in many majestic PSG attacks. He was goalscorer, goal creator, and a creative force who played with a freedom of the pitch.

Even Ferdinand joked that PSG was “taking liberties” with people, reflecting how the club is brushing Champions League teams to the side.

"They're taking liberties with people! Neymar put on a clinic of how to play exhilarating football."@rioferdy5 can't get enough of PSG ???? pic.twitter.com/szUbsiBt8D — BT Sport Football (@btsportfootball) November 22, 2017

PSG manager Unai Emery lauded Neymar. “He’s extraordinary,”Emery said, according to Goal.com. “He wants to play the games, to be present on the pitch. He makes everyone benefit from his talent.”

Neymar fielded questions from journalists in the media zone after the match. Having previously been linked with a €200 million move to Real Madrid, one media member asked the Brazilian if he would consider leaving PSG.

YouTube screenshot

Dressed in retired boxer Floyd Mayweather’s branded clothing, Neymar slammed the reporter for being “boring” before walking away.

PSG’s next game is against AS Monaco on Sunday.

NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/mitchells-and-butlers-shares-crash-as-pound-slump-pushes-up-costs-2017-11Shares in the company behind All Bar One are crashingJohn Li/Getty Images A man sits in an All Bar One bar in Fulham.

Mitchells & Butlers reports 18% fall in profits as fall in the pound pushes up costs.

Shares fall 10% at the open but have since recovered slightly.

LONDON – Shares in pub and restaurant owner Mitchells & Butlers are falling on Thursday morning after the company reported a steep fall in profits and warned of Brexit-related headwinds.

Mitchells & Butlers, which owns chains such as All Bar One, Toby Carvery, Harvesters, and Nicholson’s pubs, said that pre-tax profit for the year fell 18% to £77 million. Revenue rose 4.5% to £2.1 billion but rising costs meant the company failed to capitalise on rising sales.

“Cost headwinds across the industry have adversely affected margins but we continue to work hard to mitigate as much of these as possible through our focus on efficiency and profitable sales growth,” CEO Phil Urban said.

Mitchells & Butlers blamed the “unprecedented cost headwinds” on the collapse in the value of the pound after last year’s Brexit referendum. The pound fell to a 31-year-low against the dollar and a 7-year-low against the euro in the wake of the June 2016 vote.

The company also warns that Brexit could impact its business in three key ways in the future:

by depressing consumer confidence;

changes in employment and immigration laws;

and further changes in sterling impacting on input costs.

Mitchells & Butlers’ share price fell 10% at the open in London and remains over 8% lower at 9.30 a.m. GMT (4.30 a.m. ET).

Markets Insider

Mike van Dulken, head of research at Accendo Markets, said in an email: “Investors are clearly focusing on cost issues affecting the whole industry. These include the living wage, business rates, apprenticeship levy, sugar tax, restaurant discounting, changes in consumer habits (eating out less frequently, but spending more) and Brexit uncertainty.

“An early decision not to pay an interim dividend, pending a year-end assessment, also suggests a murky outlook that is sapping management confidence.”

Mitchells & Butlers’ warning on rising costs comes in stark contrast to JD Wetherspoon. Tim Martin, the founder of the pub chain and a staunch Brexit supporter, said that a “hard Brexit” would “reduce the average cost of a meal by about 3.5 pence and the cost of a drink by 0.5 pence” at one of his pubs.

NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/iron-ore-price-china-steel-cuts-2017-11Iron ore is suddenly charging higherPhoto: Dean Mouhtaropoulos/Getty Images

Iron ore spot markets jumped to fresh multi-month highs on Wednesday, powered by strength in Chinese steel prices.

And with futures continuing to rip higher in overnight trade, it looks like that trend may continue today.

According to Metal Bulletin, the price for benchmark 62% fines surged by 4.3% to $65.17 a tonne, its largest increase since November 6.

It now sits at the highest level since September 21.

The strength in the benchmark was mirrored across the grades.

The price for 58% fines rose by 2.3% to $37.08 a tonne while ore with 65% Fe content added 3.2% to $83.40 a tonne.

The surge in spot markets followed yet another strong rally in rebar futures, helping to boost iron ore, coke and coking coal futures as a result.

The May 2018 rebar contract in Shanghai jumped 2.3% to 3,817 yuan, continuing to benefit from tight inventory levels and ongoing steel production cuts in China that are scheduled to run through to mid-March 2018.

Iron ore rode on the coattails of rebar’s surge, adding 2.8% to 498 yuan. Coking coal and coke futures also added more than 4% for the session.

As opposed to steel markets, these commodities appear to be rallying on expectation that demand for raw materials will surge following the conclusion of steel production cuts.

Suggesting that the move in iron ore spot markets may continue today, futures continued to push higher in overnight trade.

Here’s the final scoreboard from Wednesday’s night session.

SHFE Rebar ¥3,825 , 0.82%

DCE Iron Ore ¥508.00 , 3.15%

DCE Coking Coal ¥1,309.00 , 2.79%

DCE Coke ¥2,092.00 , 3.00%

Should futures hold or build upon those gains today when trade begins at midday AEDT, it points to the likelihood that spot markets will continue to push higher today.

NOW WATCH: Money & Markets videoshttps://www.businessinsider.com.au/programmer-automates-his-job-2015-11A programmer wrote scripts to secretly automate a lot of his job -- including to automatically email his wife and make himself a lattePhoto: iStock

There’s a hilarious project that’s popular on Github, the website that hosts all kinds of software that programmers want to share with each other.

The project was shared by a programmer named Nihad Abbasov (known as “Narkoz” on GitHub). It consists of a bunch of software scripts with some funny, but NSFW names. Narkoz says that the scripts came from one of his coworkers who left for another company, the type of guy that, “if something — anything — requires more than 90 seconds of his time, he writes a script to automate that.”

After the guy left for a new job, his former co-workers were looking through his work and discovered that the guy had automated all sorts of crazy things, including parts of his job, his relationships and making coffee.

The guy wrote one script that sends a text message “late at work” to his wife and “automatically picks reasons” from a preset list of them, says Narkoz. It sent this text anytime there was activity with his login on the company’s computer servers after 9 p.m.

He wrote another script relating to a customer he didn’t like (given the not-very-nice name he chose for this script). It scans his inbox for an email from the customer that uses words like “help,” “trouble,” and “sorry” and automatically rolls the guy’s database to the latest backup, then sends a reply: “No worries mate, be careful next time.”

With another script, he automatically fired off an email excuse like “not feeling well, working from home” if he wasn’t at work, logged into the servers by 8:45 a.m. (He called that script “hangover.”)

And the best one? He wrote a script that waits exactly 17 seconds, then hacks into the coffee machine and orders it to start brewing a latte. The script tells the machine to wait another 24 seconds before pouring the latte into a cup, the exact time it takes to walk from the guy’s desk to the coffee machine.

And his coworkers didn’t even know the coffee machine was on the network and was hack-able.

NOW WATCH: 5 clever iPhone tricks only power users know about



NOW WATCH: Tech Insider videoshttps://www.businessinsider.com.au/the-australian-government-has-invested-in-a-cryptocurrency-based-company-for-the-first-time-2017-11The Australian government just invested in a cryptocurrency-based companyPhoto: Getty Images

A Turnbull government frontbencher has said the Coalition is not afraid of getting into business with companies in the cryptocurrency world after it made a multimillion-dollar taxpayer funded investment in a company that uses bitcoin technology.

In an unprecedented foray into cryptocurrencies, Angus Taylor, the Assistant Minister for Cities and Digital Transformation, awarded the government’s second largest grant in its Smart Cities and Suburbs program to the first Australian company to list itself on digital currency exchanges on Friday.

The price of the company’s tokens doubled from 46 US cents to 79 US cents following the announcement, driven by trades on the increasing legitimacy of the ascendant market through federal government investment.

The $8.6 million push, which will combine $2.6 million in federal government grants with further funding from local council, will go towards a project run by Perth-based company Power Ledger in partnership with Curtin University, Murdoch University and the CSIRO.

In October, the energy tech start-up made Australian history with the nation’s first initial coin offering [initial public offering] through the Ethereum cryptocurrency network after raising $18.9 million in capital in the lead up to its launch.

In the past 24 hours more than $63 million worth of Power Ledger coins have been exchanged, while the price dropped off its peak to 63 US cents by 11am AEDST Wednesday.

The company has developed the technology behind Bitcoin – blockchain – to create a digital emissions trading scheme in Fremantle that it hopes will expand elsewhere.

Blockchain works as an anonymous, secure data diary, recording all transactions that take place digitally.

Power Ledger uses data to track household data of energy consumption and generation, allowing neighbours to trade excess energy or shortages with each other automatically, as they would shares on stockmarket.

“I’ve always believed in the enormous potential of distributed energy generation,” Mr Taylor said. “It’s not just emissions reduction but is also a way of taking big costs out of the system and solving shortages.”

The minister said the government’s investment across the Smart Cities program was seed capital for bold projects as part of its digital transformation agenda.

“We have to walk the walk,” he said.

“I can never be sure of which technologies are going to be most successful but there are some pretty sure bets among this group.”

Mr Taylor said there was still a lot to learn about companies in the cryptocurrency space and the blockchain technology that underpins many of them.

“There is inevitably risk with the technology but the federal government’s Digital Transformation Agency and CSIRO’s Data 61are both looking for applications for it,” he said.

“I’ve started more than half a dozen companies myself, you raise money anyway you can and if we can help small companies grow by being a customer to them then that is the most powerful way we can have an impact.”

On Wednesday, Bitcoin hit another record high of $US8339 in trading.

The market shrugged off a 5.4 per cent drop after $41 million worth of Tether, another cryptocurrency, was hacked.

This article first appeared at Business Day. read the original here.

NOW WATCH: Money & Markets videoshttps://www.businessinsider.com.au/australia-job-openings-october-2017-11Demand for workers in Australia is increasingPhoto: Mark Dadswell/ Getty.

If you’re looking for a job in Australia, do we have some good news for you.

Job vacancies are now the highest they’ve been in over five years, having increased in each of the past 12 months.

According to Department of Employment’s Internet Vacancy Index (IVI), job vacancies placed online grew by 0.5% to 176,700 in October, leaving the increase on a year earlier at 8.4%.

It now stands at the highest level since May 2012 — a good sign on the outlook for employment growth.

Source: Department of Employment

Across the country, vacancies grew in all states and territories aside from Tasmania over the year, led by strong performances from the Northern Territory, Western Australia and Queensland.

That likely reflects improved economic conditions in the mining sector, along with a smaller number of vacancies compared to the levels seen in prior years.

Source: Department of Employment

The government said that openings increased in 32 of 37 regions over the year, led by strong gains Queensland.

“The strongest rises recorded in Outback Queensland (+45.3%), Far North Queensland (+35%), Central Queensland (+33.3%) and Pilbara and Kimberley Western Australia at 32.2%,” it said.

“It should be noted that these increases are off a low base and for all four regions the level of job advertisements remains below the level recorded five years ago.”

This map shows the annual percentage change in vacancies over the past year. The lighter the colour, the faster they’ve grown. Dark blue shading indicates that openings declined from a year earlier.

Source: Department of Employment

Mirroring that geographic performance, openings also increased across most majority of occupational groups over the year, led by demand for professionals, technicians and trade workers, along with machine operators and drivers.

Source: Department of Employment

The IVI is based on a count of online job advertisements newly lodged on SEEK, CareerOne and Australian JobSearch during a particular month.

The government says stresses that it “does not reflect the total number of job advertisements in the labour market as it does not include jobs advertised through other online job boards, employer websites, word of mouth, in newspapers, and advertisements in shop windows”.

It also does not specify whether the vacancies are for full-time, part-time or casual staff.

Australian employment growth has surged over the past year, increasing by 355,700, according to the ABS. Full-time employment jumped by 297,900, overshadowing a 57,800 gain in part-time employment.

NOW WATCH: Money & Markets videoshttps://www.businessinsider.com.au/melbourne-is-finally-going-to-get-a-rail-link-to-the-airport-2017-11Melbourne is finally going to get a rail link to the airportMelbourne. Photo: Paul Jeffers/Getty Images.

Melbourne’s expensive taxi rides from the CBD to Tullamarine could finally be over by 2030 with Victorian premier Daniel Andrews saying work on a rail link to the airport will be underway within a decade.

Speaking to the Victorian Chamber of Commerce and Industry in Geelong today, Andrews said he also wants to build a high-speed rail link that would reduce the commute between Melbourne and Geelong to less than 40 minutes.

With work on the $11 billion Metro rail tunnel, which Andrews labelled “Australia’s biggest-ever transport project” currently underway and due for completion in 2026, the premier said “construction work will be well underway on an airport rail link” when the Metro project opens.

The announcement will end a 70-year wait since the idea was first floated, with the federal government pledging $30 million towards planning and the state $10 million. The analysis will also look at electrifying the existing V/Line diesel trains in the area to Wyndham Vale and Melton as part of the broader Metro rail network.

“It can’t just funnel tourists and business people between the CBD and the airport,” Andrews told the VCCI gathering.

“It needs to be much more – and it can be. It can transform the way people live, work, and travel right across Victoria. In our view, the airport rail link has the potential to unlock Western and Northern Victoria.

“It can create the extra capacity that we need in the congested rail corridor between Melbourne and Sunshine.”

Andrews also announced plans to “untangle the regional and metropolitan network on the Geelong and Ballarat lines” with high-speed rail.

“Right now, the idea of high speed rail is nothing more than a pipe dream. The jumbled network of regional and metropolitan train lines in Melbourne’s west mean it just can’t be done,” he said.

But by separating metro lines from regional ones and using the airport rail link to create capacity on the rest of the network, that dream becomes a reality.

“Beginning with Geelong, and then Ballarat our plan will look at how to deliver real, high-speed rail to connect Victoria.

“Imagine travelling from Geelong to Melbourne in under 40 minutes. It would change the way people work and live. And it would change the face of our state forever.

The premier offered no time frame for the idea, or a deadline for when the airport line’s completion, but with the government facing an election next year, an answer to the long-running complaint about an airport link will be a popular promise with voters. Andrews will announce more details on the project next year.

The former Liberal government of Dennis Napthine previously pledged to build the airport link before losing to Andrews in 2014.

But the other challenge for the government will be price. Sydney’s privately built airport rail link, currently costs passengers $18 each and children $14.50, making a train ride to the city nearly twice the cost of a taxi for a family of four.

NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/what-if-the-office-worked-like-your-smartphone-2017-10What if the office worked like your smartphone?EyesWideOpen/Getty Images

There’s no denying we love our phones.

It’s not just that they’re easy and intuitive. Apart from the occasional lover’s tiff (flat battery, out of range, OS upgrade), it’s an idyllic relationship. It works in synchrony with some of our deepest motivations, even our drives for esteem, love and self-actualisation.

This relationship also provides important insights into how 21st century organisations should be designed and run.

The office is largely a 20th century construct. By the midpoint of that century, it was a given that you worked at an office, which was comprised of individual rooms for each executive (where the size and fittings symbolised seniority), along with cubicles and typing pools. These environments were almost self-satirising and would not have appeared out of place in a Kafka novel.

In the last five years, the office has evolved somewhat. This has included activity-based working (where rather than having a fixed desk, you choose a desk each day, typically storing your work materials in a locker), villages (clustering groups of desks), collaboration spaces (places which enable you to work together, usually in a less formal way) and flexible work practices (such as the ability to work from home).

But what would it look like if your workplace was like your smartphone?

Office Scrolling

Part of the elegance and ease of the smartphone is the ability to scroll up and down (placing no restrictions on length) and to swipe left and right (either to access different apps, or in the case of online dating apps, to make quick, simple decisions). In the future, the workplace will be scroll-able and swipe-able.

The more that 9-to-5 includes non 9-to-5 experiences, the more engaged and productive you become. Here’s an example. While Atlassian’s new Sydney offices include free access to a fully-catered kitchen complete with an ice cream freezer, they don’t provide coffee.

As the head of workplace experience, Brent Harman, says: “If we had coffee, people would likely just walk to the kitchen and back to their desk. It’s not a money thing or productivity thing, it’s more about creating a reason for small groups of staff to get out of the office for the 15 minute breaks in the morning or afternoon.”

Integration and Swiping

Something that your phone does superbly, is integration. You have your email, text, camera, GPS and so much more, all in one device. So far, the best example I’ve seen is Collins Square in Melbourne. They managed to fill this precinct in record time. Why? Because it truly offers the non-9-to-5 between the hours of nine and five (and whenever else you want). People leave their offices all the time to engage with retail, dining and entertainment. It’s deliberately not tied to an office space, but is still just a swipe away.

Yet when I recently spoke with its developer, property billionaire Lang Walker, he said he had already seen ways to improve this experience and was putting even more integration, swiping and sharing (my words, but his sentiments) into his new Parramatta Square development. As he put it, “the more non-9-to-5 the working environment, the better the employee experience and the higher the performance”.

The ability to swipe between your needs as a human being (eating, shopping, relationships, meaningful work) is a huge asset.

Why have we jettisoned our torches, GPS devices, calculators, and cameras to have everything on one device? Because we can. That’s why Apple self-cannibalised the iPod — because integration was inevitable.

What if you’re not in a precinct like Collins Square or Parramatta Square? While an environment such as these is a great asset, it’s not all about the physical dimensions. Your company’s philosophy is just as important.

Swiping, for example, should include 100% workplace flexibility. In the future, you will be able to work from the office, at home, on the beach, in your driverless vehicle, in any country. You will be able to swipe between these options instantaneously and without any approval process.

A Personalised Experience

What else happens with your phone? You get to choose your own apps. Apart from the operating system and some essentials, you get to choose what you use.

And while you personalise your apps, you don’t mind if you share them with others. We are now very happy to share the music on our phone because, if you’ve got access to every song in the world, who cares about owning them?

In fact, the sharing (not owning) is a benefit. Why have an average conference centre for your company that you use 5% of the year, when you could share with ten other companies and have something world class? In the future, your workplace will share more than it owns.

While we are losing interest in ownership of things, we very much care about ownership of our life. That’s why we still curate our music collections. We might borrow a car through Go-Get but we still choose our own itinerary.

The most unjustified workplace awards are the ones which include innovations which make it feel like the company owns its employees. The important thing is the ability to feel alive in your working day. When people are filled with passion, vitality and stimulation, that’s when they do their best work.

This means choosing your own itinerary, curating your hours, days, weeks and months.

Complete portability

In the future, the workplace will no longer be defined by spatial properties. We’ve had flexible working for some time, but where we will eventually get to is a concept of workplace as mobile as our phone. That doesn’t mean we won’t go to an office, but it means that the office will be with us anywhere we want it.

One of the very best things about the smartphone is that it makes super-computing portable and pocket-sized. The smartphone goes everywhere with us. So too must our workplace become portable and pocket-sized.

That’s not to say you won’t have a place at all. We are social animals and we draw motivation from being around others. But nobody uses their smart phone because they have to. In the future, nobody will have to go to a place of work — they’ll go there when they want to, because they want to.

And what’s it like when you get there? We moved from desktops to laptops to phones and tablets for a reason: human beings crave freedom. And when you have portability, why have a desk? Forget about sharing desks, that’s just cosmetic.

What’s Next

In some ways, we’ve come a long way from the cubicles and executive suites of the twentieth century. But in other ways, we’ve only seen minor upgrades. My company’s Potentiology research showed that for organisations to succeed in the 21st century, their work force must be supported to realise their full potential — and getting the organisational architecture right is essential to making this happen.

As Shane Hales, managing director of Axiom Workplaces, put it: “Technology is increasingly transforming how people use physical office environments. Getting the right blend of technological, physical and cultural aspects is vital in creating work spaces that bring out the best in people.”

The rise of smart phones has been the most powerful vindication of human-centred design. We feel so intimately connected with them because they were designed to be in sync with us.

In the future, when humanity is the fundamental driver of workplace design, we’ll love where we work as much as we love our smartphone.

(Anthony Mitchell is the co-founder and Chief Potential Officer of Bendelta, focusing on designing organisations and leaders for the cyber-physical age. He is also Chairman of the Aurora Education Foundation, providing accelerated development opportunities for Australia’s most promising Indigenous scholars, and a member of the Amnesty International 2020 Council.)

NOW WATCH: Ideas videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/5-things-you-need-to-know-in-australian-tech-today-v2-2017-45 things you need to know in Australian tech todayMad Paws’ Alexis Soulopoulos and Spacer’s Mike Rosenbaum. (Source: The Sharing Hub)

Here are the top tech stories for Tuesday:

1. This morning saw two massive series C announcements for Australian startups. Perth healthcare booking system HealthEngine secured $26.7 million in a round led by Sequoia, which has helped the likes of Apple, Whatsapp and AirBnB in the past. Meanwhile, Melbourne-born San Francisco venture Nitro nabbed $US15 million for its Adobe-challenging software in a round led by Battery Ventures.

2. Australia’s first accelerator for startups involved in the sharing economy has opened in Sydney. The Sharing Hub was established by four veteran founders in the field — Spacer.com’s Mike Rosenbaum, Car Next Door’s Will Davies, Zoom2U’s Steve Orenstein and Mad Paws’ Alexis Soulopoulos – to provide working space, mentorship and training to budding startups that promote the use of idle assets and services. Read more on last night’s official launch.

3. Former Xero Australia boss Chris Ridd is back in the hot seat, becoming CEO of fintech startup Myprosperity. He had used the financial data aggregation app himself for a year before contacting Myprosperity founder Peter McCarthy and becoming an advisor last year. The company also announced it had secured a $2.5 million cash injection, with MYOB co-founder Craig Winkler hopping on board as a new investor. Read more on Myprosperity’s plans.

4. Online share registry Registry Direct is raising $2 million as it heads towards a potential $6 million IPO. Former UBS and Citigroup banker and now Registry Direct managing director and co-founder Steuart Roe says the platform is ideal for unlisted companies that are managing its shareholder lists with spreadsheets. Read more on the company’s financial performance leading into the float.

5. Optus’ content guru Paul Rybicki is now heading up a data mining “startup” for the telco. iTnews reports that, after leaving the head of content role last month, Rybicki is building up a corporate data science venture that is actively recruiting staffers at the moment.

Have a great day! Please email me your story tips or find me on Twitter.

NOW WATCH: Tech Insider videoshttps://www.businessinsider.com.au/6-things-david-thodey-did-to-change-telstra-2015-26 things David Thodey did to change TelstraDavid Thodey. Photo: Lisa Maree Williams/ Getty.

David Thodey has stepped down as CEO of Telstra, after six years in the top job.

He will be replaced by Andrew Penn in May.

Since Thodey became CEO in 2009 he has been busy transforming the telco in a fight against a tide of tech companies moving in on Telstra’s traditional ground.

In doing so Telstra has been placing bets across a bunch of tech firms and investing in startups as it hopes to pick the next winning industry and position itself as a company of relevance as it shoulders up against companies like Skype, WhatsApp and Facebook.

The other threat to its business is the regulatory framework in which it operates. Changing government policy in Australia, especially around the NBN roll-out, directly impacts Telstra’s business.

“For Telstra we know if we don’t reinvent ourselves, if we don’t continue to innovate in some way, that our customers will tell us and they’ll leave us, and when they leave us we don’t have a business,” Thodey said. More on that here.

Transforming a company with a legacy like Telstra doesn’t come cheap, but that’s okay. The one thing the telco has in abundance at the moment is cash.

Here are 6 things Thodey did to change the company forever.

1. Signing an $11 billion deal with the federal government to sell its copper networks to NBN Co.

Last December the telco signed an $11 billion contract with the Coalition government to sell its copper and hybrid fibre-coaxial networks to NBN Co, maintaining a valuable deal it has secured with the former Labor government.

The deal has pumped billions of dollars back into the company for assets it was gifted by the government, a move that Thodey said was something Telstra had to do to remain relevant.

And even though about $1 billion has been returned to investors through share buybacks, the company has been busy making a bunch of acquisitions over the past year.

The telco also sold off its 70% stake in the Sensis directories for $454 million to a private equity consortium as well as its 76.4% stake in mobile company CSL for about $2 billion, the company has pumped up the balance sheet. At June 30, the company had $7.4 billion in cash on the books.

2. Buying new companies

In August, Telstra chipped in another $US270 million to up its stake in US-based video platform company Ooyala from 23 per cent to 98 per cent.

The telco has also made investments in online reservation site Dimmi and cloud-based communications provider Whispir.

Also in the mix is the acquisition of Brisbane-based information security company Bridge Point which provides enterprise and government customers with information security and data management solutions. Telstra said it aligns with the company’s security product and growth strategy.

In September, Telstra made an investment in Silicon Valley e-signature startup DocuSign. The terms of the deal were not disclosed.

The problem with betting all over the table is you risk losing out on multiple occasions, and in Telstra’s case, that could cost the company millions in writedowns. We’ve already seen that when Telstra had to writedown the $302 million investment it made into two Chinese mobile companies.

So it’s a strategy of lots of small bets for the big company in the hope one comes off.

“Digitisation is causing fundamental shifts in business models and workforces,” Thodey said. “I have no doubt there will be winners and losers. Winners will be the companies that can adapt to these changes and provide an excellent customer experience.”

3. Targeting startups

Part of the strategy which it hopes will put it on the winning side is a heavy focus on startups.

In October, Telstra kicked off the second round of its startup accelerator Muru-D.

The company has been vocal about how important the startup landscape is to the future of the telco. More on that here.

4. Launching into new industries

It’s also following the sick into healthcare. The company expects health spending to blow out to $200 billion by 2020 and sees Australia struggling to provide reliable services in the face of an ageing population and a rising instance of chronic diseases.

In October, Telstra tipped $100 million into its newly launched healthcare business division to provide e-health technology which connects patients with doctors and doctors to other providers. Telstra’s health division includes e-prescription exchange provider Fred IT and health appointment generator Health Engine.

5. Expanding in Asia

Earlier in 2014, Thodey said he wanted a third of the telco’s revenue to come from Asia by 2020 as it looks to target the growing middle class in the region, which means there will likely be a lot more deals coming down the pipeline.

The telco is setting aside up to $1 billion to splurge on international acquisitions, partnerships and infrastructure in Asia.

In October, Andy Penn said taking on Asia will require patience, a flexible portfolio approach and an understanding that not all investments will work.

Telstra has already learnt the difficult lesson of investments failing in Asia. Telstra acquired two Chinese mobile companies for $302 million in 2009.

But last year the telco was forced to writedown the investment when it emerged the companies China M and Sharp Point were involved in a bribery scandal. Telstra was not accused of any wrongdoing – it happened before the Australian company came on the scene, but it’s the sort of thing that’s nearly impossible to pick up in due diligence and an unforeseen risk of doing business in Asian markets.

It’s the old startup truism – fail fast, learn faster.

6. Finding new ways to use old infrastructure.

The telco is investing $100 million to establish a huge Wi-Fi network across Australia over the next five years. This is a big data play – it’ll have about 2 million hotspots across the country when it’s completed.

But to get the project off the ground, Telsta is transforming some of its ancient payphones – yes, they still exist – into hotspots. It’s a piece of innovative thinking which probably saves some money but also shows the company is thinking about solving problems differently.

It’s not just about rolling out infrastructure any more.

This is an updated version of a post that originally appeared in October 2014.

NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/most-powerful-people-in-hollywood-2014-1The Most Powerful People In Hollywood At Every AgeMike Nudelman/Business Insider Top (L-R): North West, Chandler Riggs, Jennifer Lawrence, Jonah Hill. Bottom (L-R): J.J. Abrams, Meryl Streep, Patrick Stewart, and Judi Dench.

When Kanye West and Kim Kardashian announced the arrival of their baby girl, her name — North West — nearly caused the Internet to explode.

Similarly, no “Star Trek” fan could take their eyes off the Twitter IPO when legendary actor Patrick Stewart rang the opening bell.

Celebrities and their offspring serve as major influencers in all spheres of life: entertainment, business, politics, tech, and fashion.

We rounded up the top actors, directors, producers, studio executives, and industry insiders from just under one year old to 100 years old who will surely make headlines in 2014.

NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/anthony-scaramucci-white-house-leakers-2017-7Scaramucci says he wants to 'f-----g kill all the leakers' during unhinged phone callAnthony Scaramucci. Picture: Getty Images

White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci is angry at staff members who he believes have been slowly crippling President Donald Trump’s administration with damaging leaks, according to The New Yorker.

“What I want to do is I want to f—–g kill all the leakers and I want to get the President’s agenda on track so we can succeed for the American people,” Scaramucci said to New Yorker reporter Ryan Lizza in a phone call Wednesday.

Scaramucci also eluded to knowing who the leakers were, saying that he had information that would lead to their termination.

“OK, the Mooch showed up a week ago,” Scaramucci said, referring to his own nickname. “This is going to get cleaned up very shortly, OK? Because I nailed these guys. I’ve got digital fingerprints on everything they have done through the FBI and the f—–g Department of Justice.”

Scaramucci also threatened to “eliminate” members of the communications department and “start over.”

“I ask these guys not to leak anything and they can’t help themselves,” Scaramucci said. “You’re an American citizen, this is a major catastrophe for the American country. So I’m asking you as an American patriot to give me a sense of who leaked it.”

“I fired one guy the other day,” Scaramucci said. “I have three to four people I’ll fire tomorrow.”

NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/apple-iphone-x-vs-google-pixel-2-2017-116 reasons why the iPhone X is better than the Pixel 2Hollis Johnson

The iPhone X or Google’s Pixel 2 phones: The choice is yours.

Unfortunately, the choice is ever harder to make these days, as both devices share features that were once exclusive to one or the other.

Back in the day — last year — I could say that the Pixel’s 2’s OLED display was better than the iPhone 7’s bog-standard LCD display. And the Pixel had other meaningful features that the iPhone didn’t, like fast charging.

But this year, and Apple has graced the iPhone X with a stunning OLED display, and I can’t claim that the Pixel 2’s display is better anymore. In fact, it’s quite the reverse. And the iPhone X handily beats the Pixel 2 phones in several other areas, too.

Here are six ways the iPhone X is better than the Pixel 2 phones:

1. The iPhone X looks better. Business Insider The iPhone X has a true edge-to-edge display, which looks positively superior to the Pixel 2's dated design and the Pixel 2 XL's narrow-ish but uneven bezels, where the top bezel is bigger than the bottom bezel. 2. The iPhone X also feels better. Business Insider With its stainless steel frame and glass back, the iPhone X feels far more premium than the Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL's frame. The Pixel 2 XL also has a metal build, but it's coated with a material that can feel somewhat plastic to the touch. It's fine, but it's nowhere near as luxurious as the iPhone X. 3. The screen on the iPhone X is better, at least compared to the larger Pixel 2 XL. Hollis Johnson Some Pixel 2 XL users have expressed dissatisfaction with the Pixel 2 XL's OLED display, reporting that its colours are dull compared to the OLED displays on phones like the iPhone X and Samsung Galaxy phones. As a Pixel 2 XL user myself, I've noticed that the display isn't quite as vibrant as other OLED phones. Google has issued a software update that helps make the display a little more vibrant, but it still doesn't match the iPhone X's glorious screen. A number of other issues about the Pixel 2 XL's screen have also been reported. One of the main issues is the OLED display is prone to 'burn in,' where certain on-screen items like the Android navigation bar on the bottom can remain visible even when the navigation bar isn't meant to be displayed. I personally haven't experienced the burn-in issue, but it's been widely reported by several users and reviewers. 4. The iPhone X has wireless charging. The Pixel 2 phones don't. Hollis Johnson It was somewhat surprising that Google made a new Android phone without wireless charging considering how many Android phones have that feature. It's unclear why Google didn't add wireless charging to its Pixel 2 phones, but it's now a feature that new iPhone owners can enjoy. 5. The iPhone X's camera can zoom a lot better than the Pixel 2's cameras. Photo: Christian Vierig/Getty Images The iPhone X has a dual-camera system, where an entire camera lens is dedicated to zooming, whereas the Pixel 2 phones only have one regular camera lens. As a result, the iPhone X's camera can zoom into subjects without reducing photo quality, as the zoom is 'optical.' To zoom, the Pixel 2's camera uses 'digital' zooming, which simply zooms into the existing pixels in the camera, and leads to loss of detail. The iPhone portion of the comparison above was taken with the iPhone 8 Plus, which has a nearly identical rear camera as the iPhone X. It adequately represents the kind of photo that the iPhone X would take. Both phones were zooming in at their maximum zoom, which means the iPhone 8 Plus zoomed in digitally on top of its 2x optical zoom lens. Meanwhile, the Pixel 2 XL's zoom is purely digital.

6. The Apple ecosystem is unbeatable. Apple There's an Android and iOS version of pretty much every app out there, but iOS apps still generally feel like they're better optimised and designed than their Android counterparts. Apple devices like the iPhone, Apple Watch, AirPods, and Mac computers also work flawlessly with each other. I've found features like AirDrop between an iPhone and Mac computer to be genuinely useful, as it lets me transfer photos and videos seamlessly between an iPhone and my MacBook Pro. And iMessage, which you can use on a Mac and iPhone, is still one of the main features holding iPhone users back from switching to Android. Meanwhile, the integration between Pixel phones and Chromebooks isn't nearly as comprehensive. Plus, Chromebooks aren't for everyone, as they run the good-but-limited Chrome OS operating system that only runs the Chrome web browser, Android mobile apps, and a sparse list of full apps. Then there's the physical presence that Apple has with its stores where you can get your iPhone X -- and any other Apple product -- serviced if anything goes wrong. Having been an owner of both iPhone and Pixel phones, I can attest that there's a much greater sense of support with iPhone than there is with Google's Pixel. Google has pop-up stores in New York and Los Angeles, but that leaves a large chunk of the country without a location. Plus, Google's pop-up stores are designed to showcase Google's own products rather than provide service. To get your Pixel 2 devices fixed, you need to bring or send it to Google's repair partner, uBreakIFix, which is fine, but it's not a complete 'experience' like it is with Apple products.

NOW WATCH: Tech Insider videoshttps://www.businessinsider.com.au/all-the-times-facebook-copied-snapchat-in-2016-2016-12Here are all the times Facebook copied Snapchat in 2016Justin Sullivan/Getty

Zuckerberg said 'the camera is the composer' during an all-hands meeting with Facebook employees over the summer, according to someone familiar with the meeting.

The statement was an obvious nod to Snapchat, which recently rebranded itself as 'Snap Inc., a camera company,' but since day one has prioritised photo and video messages in its app.

During Facebook's quarterly earnings call in October, Zuckerberg explained that Facebook now sees the camera as the future of how people share and communicate.

'In most social apps today, a text box is still the default way we share,' he said. 'Soon, we believe a camera will be the main way that we share.'https://www.businessinsider.com.au/meet-the-chinese-students-making-up-to-3000-a-week-selling-australian-vitamins-and-baby-formula-back-to-china-2016-6Meet the Chinese students making up to $3000 a week selling Australian vitamins and baby formula back to ChinaCarol Lin. Photo: WeChat.

Carol Lin is 25. She came to Sydney in July last year as a Chinese international student and is now studying English at an ELS language centre.

She also makes up to $3000 a week selling Blackmores and baby formula to people in China.

The business of selling Australian health products to China isn’t new. For many international students from the mainland, it’s an easy way to earn some extra cash on the side when studying in Australia. Or in this case, a lot of cash.

Lin says that before coming to Australia, she had already researched the market and found that selling Australian health products to China through WeChat was a lucrative business. Many of her Chinese friends here had already set up their own online shop on the messaging platform, sourcing well-known Australian goods such as a2 Platinum Formula and Bellamy’s Organic for friends and family back in their hometown.

The growth of these businesses has been spurred by two things: counterfeit products and fake brands being sold in China and the increasing number of Chinese international students in Australia who have tapped into this demand for high quality health goods.

Not only can these online stores operate as an unregistered business without paying taxes but they also have the potential to reap in an insane amount of money.

In a good week, Lin earns $2000 to $3000 — a far cry from the $23 an hour wage that regular university students in Australia earn.

Maggie Ma. Photo: WeChat.

Maggie Ma, a 26-year-old international student who recent completed her Master of Accounting at the University of Sydney, says she started her WeChat business after bringing back Australian health products to China during a visit to her family. She realised it would turn into a profitable business when her relatives gradually began asking her to bring back more with every visit.

Both Lin and Ma say that given its flexibility and profitability, working as online resellers has been a popular alternative to seeking a part-time job.

And as China’s demand for Australia-made products continues to soar, it seems there’s no shortage of students who are slowly turning themselves into savvy wholesalers and entrepreneurs.

But first, what’s with the obsession behind Australian products?

China is currently Australia’s second largest market for pharmaceuticals such as vitamins and health products with exports amounting to $381 million in 2013-14, according to a report by The University of Sydney.

And as living standards rise and people become more conscious of their health and wellbeing, Chinese consumers have been turning their focus to offshore products. Most notably, Australia’s baby formula and multivitamins.

“China is facing a host of new health challenges, including an ageing population, changing diets, increasing prevalence of obesity and environmental problems,” says professor John Knight, at the George Institute for Global Health.

“The demand for high quality health care is a constant, unlike the boom and bust cycles of many other industries such as the resources sector.”

This comes as no surprise. Over the past years, there have been multiple reports of people in China selling counterfeit products including powder packaged in A2 Platinum Formula and Bellamy’s Organic milk tins.

Lin says there’s a real desire for Chinese consumers to look for products that are of better quality especially with so many fake brands now on the market.

According to estimates by Austrade, between 5 and 10% of retail food, including health products and baby formula, are now sold online on e-commerce platforms such as Taobao and Alibaba.

And while Chinese authorities have tried to clamp down on unregulated imports by levying import taxes in a bid to save local businesses, this hasn’t affected those who are sending products by post.

How it works

The process of setting up shop is extremely easy.

WeChat users can open a store through their personal messaging account without having to create the separate account that Instagram users have to. It makes everything more manageable and can also mean direct marketing to their existing contact list.

For many Chinese people, WeChat is seen as a substitute for Facebook. But instead of having a newsfeed, they have something called “Moments”. This is essentially your timeline where you can post status updates, photos, links or videos.

It’s also where Chinese international students can post “ads” for their products with all the details and pricing.

Here’s a look at some examples.

You can then browse through their timeline or 'Moments'. Swisse and Blackmores products are some of the most sought after products. Photo: Supplied. Chinese students sell everything from these sugar balance tablets... Photo: Supplied. ... to menopause balance tablets... Photo: Supplied. ...through to these high strength vitamin C tablets. Photo: Supplied. Another big hit is Australia's baby formula. Photo: Supplied. The most popular brands being a2 and Bellamy's Organic. Photo: Supplied. These 'ads' always give an overview on what they are -- but prices are rarely disclosed because they can vary between customers. Photo: Supplied. And it's not just baby formula and multivitamins -- people are also getting in on manuka honey. Photo: Supplied. Ready to be shipped. Photo: Supplied.

It doesn’t require too much work. Compare this to a traditional online website where you might need to get a web designer, this is more of a snap and go process.

Interested buyers can then leave a comment inquiring about the product or send a personal message.

What’s made the whole buying process even easier is that WeChat lets you connect your bank account to the social media platform. This means you can easily transfer money to someone by clicking on “Bank” in the options without having to open up your personal banking app.

Photo: Olivia Chang.

Lin says that after people have messaged her what they want, she writes it all down and sources the products before shipping it off. Most of her customers are parents of her friends back home.

Best of all, the whole process eliminates the need for marketing — her customer base is completely built via word-of-mouth and the recommendations of her regular customers.

Products and pricing

It’s no secret that the Chinese are big consumers of Australia’s baby milk powder and vitamins.

As Business Insider reported earlier this year, many locals were cashing in on China’s love of Aussie infant formula, specifically a2 Platinum Formula and Bellamy’s Organic. While these can go for more than $80 in China, the retail price here is $25.

Lin says that along with Blackmores and baby formula, multivitamin brand Swisse is hugely popular, selling everything from high strength cranberry pills and vitamin C through to liver detox tablets.

Her first sale on WeChat were Swisse multivitamins, which retailed for $17, in September last year. She sold them for $29.

Lin says that the prices for products vary but that she’ll usually sell Blackmores products for around $10 above the retail price. She says she never advertises the price on her profile because different customers get different prices.

Other things such as the hugely popular pawpaw cream, which retails for $5 in stores, can be sold for up to twice the amount at $10.

Lin explains: “If I buy something here for $30 here, then the delivery fee could be $7 meaning that it adds up to $37. But since I’m the one who’s getting the stock and selling it to China, I can’t sell it for this price. I need to increase the price because people in China don’t know how much I am buying it for. So if I sell it for $47, I can make $10.”

But she doesn’t always make $10 off each sale. Sometimes it could be less, around $5 or $6.

She admits that while baby formula was extremely popular at the start, it’s been getting progressively harder with so many competitors forcing prices to be reduced.

Ma says her customers are also a big fan of manuka honey and pawpaw cream. Her biggest sale to date took place over the Chinese New Year where many friends and family were stocking up on Aussie goods to give as gifts. One sale alone was $2000.

But it’s not as easy as it looks

While it may seem like easy money, Lin says that not everyone can be a successful online retailer.

“It’s a lot [of time]. It’s very troublesome. It’s hard work,” she says.

But the hardest part has been finding new customers. With so many students opting to set up their own store on WeChat, competition has been fierce with people tending to stick with the same seller for a long time.

And although she buys most of her products from Chemist Warehouse, which markets itself as Australia’s cheapest chemist, she says that it can take up a lot of time sourcing everything.

“You WeChat and tell me what you want. Then I have to write it down, for example if a customer buys five things, but all five things aren’t available at the same place,” she says.

“For example, it could be from the supermarket, Chemist Warehouse. I need to go to a lot of differences places to buy everything and then afterwards, I have to send the stock and pack it up.”

She says the minimum purchase requirement for her customers is 1 kilogram otherwise it would be too expensive to ship.

Lin says she has to regularly check her phone to catch up on orders and deliveries. Sometimes, this will mean checking her phone constantly while out at dinner with friends. And if she’s not running around buying the products, she’ll be packing them or sending it off at the post office.

Some days, she’ll work 10 hours starting at 11am and finishing up at 9pm.

And weekends? “We don’t have weekends,” says Lin.

“But we do have a lot of freedom, so if we don’t want to work that day we can just tell them. If I’m really busy one day, then I can just decide to not work.”

Lin considers herself to be “successful” because her business is going well and she makes more than the average reseller. When business is going well, she will usually spend the money shopping and buying designer goods.

“It depends on each person’s preferences,” says Lin who spends most of the money on living expenses.

“Some people will save but some people will go shopping. We both go shopping because our family backgrounds are already quite good.”

Down the track

Photo: China Photos/Getty Images.

While owning a WeChat business is a convenient source of passive income for many Chinese international students, it’s not something that many tend to stick with in the long-run.

Lin, who will start college in October, hopes to continue her business for the next few years until she moves back to China to help with her family’s business.

She says that people usually end up looking for a regular full-time job after a while or if they do stick it out, they expand by opening up a physical health goods store.

Of her friends, she says that half of them are pursuing a WeChat business while the other half are working a part-time job.

“That’s because there are some types of people who are not suited to doing business,” Lin says.

“And if people have decided that they will stay and live in Australia for the long-run, a lot of them will try a find a job because it’s stable — doing this [WeChat business] isn’t stable.”

But for now, it seems that both Lin and Ma are happy to continue their online business with no plans to be employed anytime soon.

“If you’re a waiter, you are like a robot. When people tell you to do something, you just do it. But doing this, you need a lot of ideas and approaches,” says Lin.

The interview was conducted in Chinese and translated into English.

NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/australian-shoppers-spent-nearly-21-billion-online-in-the-past-year-heres-where-and-what-theyre-buying-2016-11Australian shoppers spent nearly $21 billion online in the past year -- here's where and what they're buyingPhoto: Matt Cardy/Getty Images

Australian online retail sales topped $20 billion in the past 12 months, according to new research from the National Australia Bank.

In the year to September, the bank estimates that online spending rose to $20.8 billion, accounting for around 7% of the dollar value of retail sales at traditional bricks-and-mortar stores.

From a year earlier, online spending increased by 14.2% in percentage terms, above the 12.9% level of a year ago but down on the all-time peak of 31.6% seen in September 2011.

Still rapid but slowing, something the NAB puts down to “the online retail sector’s maturity as well as the weaker Australian dollar”.

By location, sales within Australia grew by 15% over the past year, outpacing that at overseas retailers which increased by a slower 11%.

Here are just some of the other interesting tidbits to come from the NAB’s Online Retail Sales Report:

By sector: Demand for media and takeaway food continues to dominate online spending growth. At 41.1% (year on year), takeaway food had the fastest annual online sales growth in September.

By age: In the month, growth was fastest for those aged 65+ (2.1%), with this age cohort favouring online spend on food and liquor. Growth has also accelerated for the 18-24s, with spending patterns in this age demographic dominated by fashion (21.6%) and media (20.2%).

By state: Over the past year, the contribution to growth in online spending has shifted back towards the eastern states. Around 76% of total online spending in the past year was made by residents in NSW, Victoria and Queensland. However on a per capita basis, residents in ACT, NT, WA and NSW spent more than the national average.

And if you prefer to visualise the trends being seen in the sector, these two infographics from the NAB are chock-full of information.

This one breaks down online sales by location and size of retailer, among others:

And this looks at sales by category, age and location, breaking down the figures by local and international retailers.

Australia’s retail sales report for September, including quarterly volumes which feeds into household consumption in Australian GDP, will be released on Friday, November 4.

NOW WATCH: Money & Markets videoshttps://www.businessinsider.com.au/mike-cannon-brookes-malcolm-turnbull-and-elon-musk-are-all-in-talks-for-a-200-million-tesla-battery-project-for-australia-2017-3Mike Cannon-Brookes, Malcolm Turnbull and Elon Musk are in talks over a $200m Tesla battery projectMike Cannon-Brookes. Photo: Supplied.

Elon Musk promised to fix Australia’s blackout problem in 100 days — or its batteries are free. That was on Friday.

Since then Atlasssian co-founder Mike Cannon-Brookes — who challenged fellow billionaire Elon Musk to make the claim a reality — has been inundated with support for the plan from the Australian business community.

This continued to move quickly over the weekend and Cannon-Brookes is “excited to see what unfolds”.

“It’s been an incredible 48 hours,” he told Business Insider.

“It’s evident that there is popular support for an alternative approach to solving the nation’s electricity challenges. The idea of using storage to time shift renewable energy rather than further investing in fossil fuels is huge. This would be a world first technology, unreplicated anywhere else, and will put South Australia on the map.”

Elon Musk. Photo: Justin Chin/ Bloomberg/ Getty Images.

He said Musk’s “forward thinking techniques” to resolve South Australia’s blackout problem is “mind-blowing”.

“This stuff is space age. It’s mind-blowing to think that approaching the problem with forward-thinking techniques – using technology and innovation – could be a (relatively) speedy solution for South Australia, improving thousands of people’s lives,” he said.

“It’s inspiring to see when Aussies come together using our collective ingenuity and smarts, we can make shit happen.”

Cannon-Brookes has positioned himself as the leader to get Australia to where it needs to be for Musk to come in and fulfil his promise.

He has been working tirelessly over the past couple of day to make it come together.

He had been in talks with the Tesla founder and Australian prime minister Malcolm Turnbull. The PM has also been in talks with Musk.

To install the $198 million worth of Tesla batteries, Cannon-Brookes will need to raise funds and cut political red tape.

And it seems a plan is on its way after Cannon-Brookes and the PM thanked Musk for the opportunity.

“On behalf of Australia’s future, thank you @elonmusk & @TurnbullMalcolm for taking time to talk. Excited to see what comes this week,” the Atlasssian boss tweeted.

⚡️☀️????️! On behalf of Australia's future, thank you @elonmusk & @TurnbullMalcolm for taking time to talk. Excited to see what comes this week https://t.co/T2A2gnRE1a — Mike Cannon-Brookes (@mcannonbrookes) March 12, 2017

“Thanks @elonmusk for a great in depth discussion today about energy storage and it’s role in delivering affordable & reliable electricity,” he said on Twitter.

Thanks @elonmusk for a great in depth discussion today about energy storage and it's role in delivering affordable & reliable electricity — Malcolm Turnbull (@TurnbullMalcolm) March 12, 2017

Musk seems just as excited.

“You’re most welcome. Very exciting to discuss the future of electricity. Renewables + storage arguably biggest disruption since DC to AC,” he tweeted.

You're most welcome. Very exciting to discuss the future of electricity. Renewables + storage arguably biggest disruption since DC to AC. https://t.co/7uXoUQf29f — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) March 12, 2017

And now for Cannon-Brookes it’s game on.

“I’ve been working hard over the weekend figuring things out and understanding the complexities of the situation: does it solve the problem; is it economically viable; what are the other blockers? I’m excited to see what unfolds this week.”

It comes as SA premier Jay Weatherill is scheduled to release his energy plan for the state.

Last September, South Australia was smashed by a 1-in-50-years storm that brought wind gusts exceeding 120km/h and brought now major power lines, leaving the state without power. For some this lasted a number of hours, in other areas it lasted several days.

The disaster resulted in a bitter political fight over the state’s renewable energy policy, an argument that has since become national as the government hammers Labor states over the renewable energy targets claiming they are too high.

An additional blackout in February during a national heatwave, which pushed power supplies across Australia to the brink, combined with growing concerns about domestic gas supply with most local production being exported, led to greater urgency to solve the problem.

A man shelters from the winds near Brighton Jetty on September 29, 2016 in Adelaide, Australia. The storm plunged the state into a complete blackout. Photo: Daniel Kalisz/ Getty Images.

NOW WATCH: Tech Insider videoshttps://www.businessinsider.com.au/defrost-chicken-freezer-food-thaw-kitchen-safely-tips-2016-10You're probably defrosting your food all wrong -- here are 4 ways to do it safelyThere are four ways of thawing your food that are better and faster than just leaving it on the counter.

Follow BI Video: On Twitter

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/vegetarians-eat-meat-first-time-2016-11What happens when vegetarians eat meat for the first timeThe human body is designed to consume both plants and animals. But, if a person has stopped eating meat for an extended time, what happens if he tries it? Dr. Lisa Ganjhu, an NYU Langone gastroenterologist, explains what happens when a vegetarian eats a steak for the first time.

Animations by Rob Ludacer.

Follow Tech Insider: On Facebook

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/online-shopping-australia-australia-2017-11Online shopping in Australia will double after Amazon launchesiStock

Amazon’s long-awaited arrival on our shores will double the rate at which Australians are shopping online, according to new research into how the e-commerce giant will change the nation’s retail sector.

The online powerhouse appears set to start trading locally as soon as this week, telling third-party sellers to prepare to accept orders by 2pm Thursday afternoon.

Australia’s $300 billion retail sector has been on tenterhooks ahead of Amazon’s arrival, with fears the giant with its $US549 billion ($725 billion) market value would steal customers and drive down prices.

However new research by investment bank UBS suggests local businesses are well placed to capture market share as Amazon sparks a more rapid uptake of online shopping.

Only about 12 per cent of non-food retail spending in Australia is currently done online, which lags behind comparable markets. UBS analysts led by Ben Gilbert said on Wednesday they expected that figure to reach about 19 per cent by 2023.

Online sales have grown at 13 per cent over the past year, far outstripping total retail sales growth of 2.9 per cent, and Mr Gilbert said the rate of growth would double once Amazon starts trading.

This had happened within five years of entering each of the 11 markets where Amazon has set up shop in to date, he said.

A UBS survey of more than a thousand Australian consumers found that 42 per cent of respondents expected to shop more online after Amazon’s launch, while 56 per cent of shoppers would likely visit Amazon’s Australian website and 51 per cent said there was a strong likelihood they would buy on the platform.

“The common outcome from Amazon’s full entry is a more educated and empowered customer, via increased price transparency and service expectation,” Mr Gilbert said.

Price was the biggest factor driving shoppers’ online spending (55 per cent), followed by superior delivery services, and a large product range.

“Interestingly, the three key drivers of consumer shopping intensity … also coincide with the three pillars underpinning Amazon’s business model,” said Mr Gilbert, who expected Amazon to be successful in Australia.

Electrical items and appliances attracted the most interest from potential Amazon shoppers, followed by apparel and shoes, and cosmetics.

UBS said these products would make up more than 60 per cent of Amazon Australia’s sales by 2023, presenting a serious challenge to department stores and electronics retailers.

Mr Gilbert said local retailers could grow their online sales as more shop digitally, and that local traders had in fact won market share back from international competitors (up from 73 per cent of all sales in 2012 to 80 per cent this year).

But these sales would come at the cost of profits, however, because retails had to cut prices, improve services, and build infrastructure to deliver orders to compete online, he said.

Amazon confirmed early this year it intended to open a full retail offering in Australia, but the exact launch date has been kept tightly under wraps. But an email sent to third-party retailers and leaked to the website LifeHacker shows Amazon telling them to prepare to take orders from Thursday afternoon.

“To prepare for the launch of the Amazon Marketplace in Australia we will start an internal testing phase with a small number of customers,” the email says.

Retail watchers had for some months predicted Amazon would launch before this week’s “Black Friday” shopping event, which in the United States marks the start of the Christmas sales rush.

Meanwhile retail consultant Scott Kilmartin has said his ice-cream truck business was contacted about a marketing event for an “online retail store” with orange colour scheme (the colour of Amazon’s logo) on Friday.

Amazon’s local boss Rocco Braeuniger last week told a sellers’ conference that it would launch with both its third-party marketplace platform, as well as its own retail offer of potentially thousands of everyday products.

This article was originally published by the Sydney Morning Herald’s Business Day. Read the original here, or follow Business Day on Facebook.

NOW WATCH: Money & Markets videoshttps://www.businessinsider.com.au/the-australian-startup-sector-could-be-heading-for-a-whole-lot-of-hurt-2017-11The Australian startup sector could be heading for a whole lot of hurtiStock

The Australian startup sector is propped up by multiculturalism.

According to Startup Muster’s annual report, 35.7% of founders in the sector were not born in Australia.

Along with that, 16% of the nation’s startup companies have employed a foreigner on a work visa, with the majority (7.9%) of those on the temporary work (skilled) visa, formerly the 457 visa.

That could all be about to change.

In July, the Turnbull government replaced the 457 visa with a new program of temporary skilled visas with tighter eligibility categories and shorter working period terms, neither of which lead to permanent residency.

It’s likely the effect of the restrictions will start to infiltrate the sector as foreign workers struggle to meet the stricter rules.

To date the sector has seen a “slow and gradual increase in the amount of foreign talent” with many of the startup founders themselves having not been in Australia for more than 10 years, says Startup Muster CEO Monica Wulff, but work will need to be done in order to continue that.

While admitting the restrictions will likely have an impact on all sectors, Wulff says it will prove particularly problematic for the startup community.

“Anecdotally, my feel from the community is that the changes to the 457 visas haven’t been well received,” says Wulff.

“New startups need to be able to fill skills deficits with talent from overseas if they are to survive and prosper and the startup community has been hit hard by the these changes.”

She continued: “Those who have workers on 457 put in the time, effort and money to get 457 approval with the expectation that they’d be able to hire more and more staff as their business grew.

“Now that it’s been grandfathered not only aren’t they able to source talent, but they’ve made a large sunk cost.

“I think people would welcome changes or a return to how it was previous.”

Wulff said the consequences of changes “should become clear in next year’s survey results”.

Earlier this month, Atlassian co-founder Scott Farquhar said the government’s cutback on skilled worker visas sends “the wrong signal to the world about being closed for business” and has damaged Australia’s reputation as a great place to work.

Even as the country’s largest and most successful software exporter, Atlassian too has been struggling with attracting and retaining staff in Australia since the new working visa rules were implemented.

Going forward, as startups look to expand into larger international markets, Wulff says flexibility in attaining skilled talent, and talent that brings diverse experiences and insights, will be crucial in achieving growth and sustainability.

The Startup Muster report is the fourth annual survey of Australian startup companies. It is designed to identify the challenges and opportunities that early stage companies face, as well as the contribution they make to economy.

It is based on the responses of 567 verified startup founders, 226 future founders and 452 startup supporters. The online survey collection period took place between July 5 and August 14.

NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/microsoft-azure-migrate-vmware-applications-2017-11Microsoft introduces a free new tool to get another edge in the cloud war with AmazonMicrosoft Microsoft Executive VP of Cloud and Enterprise Scott Guthrie

Microsoft Azure Migrate is a free tool, launching Nov. 27th, that will make it easy for VMware customers to bring their applications to the cloud.

It will help boost Microsoft’s big advantage versus Amazon in the cloud war: Microsoft’s wealth of experience selling to even the largest businesses.

On Tuesday, Microsoft is expected to unveil Azure Migrate – a free tool to make it easy for customers to bring their existing applications and data from their own servers up into the Microsoft Azure supercomputing cloud.

At its November 27th launch, Azure Migrate will support shunting up VMware-based applications. VMware is very popular in the Fortune 500 and beyond, giving Azure Migrate a broad audience right off the bat. And it fits well with Microsoft’s big cloud edge, which is that it has so much experience selling into even the largest businesses.

The Microsoft Azure cloud, like its key rival at Amazon Web Services, gives customers access to fundamentally unlimited supercomputing power on a pay-as-you-go basis. Large and small companies alike are drawn to these so-called “public clouds” for the cost-savings and performance improvements they often bring.

There are other cloud migration tools on the market, including from startups like Racemi and Cloudreach. However, Microsoft’s Corey Sanders, head of product for Azure Compute, tells Business Insider that where other solutions bring over one server at a time, Azure Migrate brings over a whole bunch at once.

That’s clutch, says Sanders, because modern applications are a hodgepodge of different servers, running different pieces of the application all at once.

“There are no applications that consist of a single server,” says Sanders.

Once the data is actually moved over, Sanders says that Microsoft provides tools for “rightsizing,” or precisely managing your usage of the Microsoft Azure cloud. With proper rightsizing, says Sanders, some customers are saving 84% versus the costs of keeping their VMware infrastructure running in their data center.

And if a customer isn’t ready to fully use the Azure cloud, Microsoft is also unveiling a service where, essentially, Microsoft will run their VMware infrastructure in its own data centres. It’s not formally a part of the Azure cloud, meaning you lose out on some of the scalability. But it means the customer doesn’t have to keep data centres.

For Microsoft, the strategic imperative behind Azure Migrate is multifaceted. First, there’s the obvious: Making it easy for companies to go up to the Azure cloud could result in more companies using the Azure cloud. Notably, VMware itself wasn’t consulted to build this tool, says Sanders, meaning this isn’t an official partnership.

The other thing, though, is that Microsoft is a big fan of the so-called “hybrid cloud,” whereby companies keep some of their software and data in Azure, and some of their software and data in their own servers. Sanders points out that Azure Migrate lets companies bring over some, but not necessarily all, of their software – meaning that, down the line and at their own pace, they could adopt that hybrid cloud model.

As for the future, Sanders says that Azure Migrate won’t necessarily stay a VMware-specific tool, and that the company is listening to customer demand. The overall goal, says Sanders, is to make sure that Azure stays as business-friendly as possible.

“Azure is the choice for enterprises,” says Sanders.

NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/keystone-xl-canada-tar-oil-sands-photos-2017-3At one end of the Keystone XL oil pipeline in Canada, there is a scene you must see to believePhoto: Robert Johnson/Business Insider

The Trump administration granted a presidential permit March 24 for a multibillion-dollar underground pipeline that would move Canadian oil through the US.

Called Keystone XL, the project is a new segment of the existing Keystone Pipeline system, which begins in Alberta’s oil sands, sometimes called tar sands, and ends at holding tanks in Patoka, Illinois, as well as points in Texas along the Gulf of Mexico.

The 1,180-mile (1,900-kilometer) XL segment, which is partially built but may ultimately cost more than $A13 billion, would move larger volumes of oil in less time by shortening the route and burying larger-diameter pipes.

Proponents of the pipeline say it will lessen dependence on foreign oil while creating jobs and growing domestic industry — that is, if financing, local permits, and legal challenges can be resolved. But environmental groups and many Americans — especially Native Americans — are furious about Trump’s support for the project.

Former President Barack Obama canceled the Keystone XL pipeline in November 2015 with an executive order that said it wouldn’t help lower gas prices or create that many jobs. He also said the pipeline’s long-term contribution to climate change — possibly more than 22 billion metric tons of carbon pollution, according to Scientific American — wasn’t worth the loss of America’s global leadership on climate change.

“If we’re going to prevent large parts of this Earth from becoming not only inhospitable but uninhabitable in our lifetimes, we’re going to have to keep some fossil fuels in the ground,” Obama said.

Neither Trump’s January 2017 reversal of Obama’s order nor this week’s State Department permit grant mention the project’s steep environmental costs, which include the potential industrialisation of 54,000 square miles of Alberta wilderness.

“We’re not saying the project is good or bad. We’re just saying the scale and severity of what’s happening in Alberta will make your spine tingle,” Robert Johnson, a former Business Insider correspondent, wrote after flying over the Canadian oil sands in May 2012.

Keep scrolling to see an updated version of Johnson’s photo essay, which shows the effects of Canadian oil mining — a process in which tar-laden sand is dug from the ground so the oil in it can get separated. That process generates about 50% of the Keystone XL pipeline’s oil.

Get the latest Oil WTI price here.

NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.gizmodo.com.au/2017/11/the-switch-to-outdoor-led-lighting-has-completely-backfiredThe Switch To Outdoor LED Lighting Has Completely BackfiredTo reduce energy consumption, many jurisdictions around the world are transitioning to outdoor LED lighting. But as new research shows, this solid-state solution hasn't yielded the expected energy savings, and potentially worse, it's resulted in more light pollution than ever before.

The Florida panhandle at night. (Image: NASA/JSC)

Using satellite-based sensors, an international team of scientists sought to understand if our planet's surface is getting brighter or darker at night, and to determine if LEDs are saving energy at the global scale. With the introduction of solid-state lighting - such as LEDs, OLEDs and PLEDs - it was thought (and hoped) that the transition to it from conventional lighting - such as electrical filaments, gas and plasma - would result in big energy savings. According to the latest research, however, the use of LEDs has resulted in a "rebound" effect whereby many jurisdictions have opted to use even more light owing to the associated energy savings.

Indeed, as the new results show, the amount of outdoor lighting around the world has increased during the past several years. "As a result, the world has experienced widespread 'loss of the night,' with half of Europe and a quarter of North America experiencing substantially modified light-dark cycles," write the researchers in the new study, which was published today in Scientific Advances.

This conclusion was reached after analysing high-resolution images collected by the Day-Night-Band (DNB) instrument that's onboard the Suomi NPP weather satellite. This sensor features a spatial resolution of 750m, and can "see" light in the range of 500-900 nm (humans see in the range 400-700 nm). Traditional lamps emit some infrared that the DNB can detect, and LEDs produce a lot of blue light that the sensor cannot see. So as cities transition their outdoor lights to LED, scientists often see decreases in the light observed by satellite (which, to the human eye, would seem to have the same brightness).

"For that reason I expected that wealthy countries would appear to be getting darker (even if that wasn't truly the case). Instead, we observed wealthy countries staying constant, or in many cases increasing," said Christopher Kyba, lead author of the study and a researcher at the GFZ German Research Centre for Geosciences, in an interview with Gizmodo. "That means that even though some cities are saving energy by switching to LEDs, other places are getting brighter by installing new or brighter lamps (that need new energy). So the data aren't consistent with the hypothesis that on the global scale, LEDs are saving energy for outdoor lighting applications."

Image: Carla Schaffer/AAAS

Researchers have been documenting the steady growth of artificial lighting ever since it was invented, and they have been wondering when the trend might stop. During the second half of the 20th century, electric light grew at an estimated rate of three to six per cent per year. According to the new study, Earth's artificially lit outdoor areas grew by 2.2 per cent each year from 2012 to 2015, with a total radiance growth of 1.8 per cent each year. During this span, nearly 60 countries experienced rapid increases in nighttime illumination between 110 to 150 per cent, while another 20 countries experienced growth rates as high as 150 per cent or more. Nearly 40 remained stable, with only 16 countries experiencing decreasing rates of nighttime illumination.

And as Kyba pointed out, these rates weren't consistent around the globe. In developed nations such as the United States and Spain, illumination rates remained stable, but most nations in South America, Africa and Asia experienced growth. In war-torn countries, such as Syria and Yemen, the rates of outdoor lighting decreased. The new study shows that, when it comes to nighttime illumination, most of the world is still playing catch up to First World outdoor lighting standards.

"This study... validates... two things we have suspected: that the rate of growth of light pollution continues upward on a worldwide scale, and that the migration of outdoor lighting from older technologies to LED isn't having the anticipated benefit in terms of global reductions in energy usage."

Disturbingly, the results presented in the new study may actually be worse than the data suggests. As previously mentioned, DRB is not able to detect low-wavelength blue light, which humans can see. Our planet, therefore, is even brighter at nighttime than the data suggests.

"This study is important because it validates with data two things we have suspected: That the rate of growth of light pollution continues upward on a worldwide scale, and that the migration of outdoor lighting from older technologies to LED isn't having the anticipated benefit in terms of global reductions in energy usage," John Barentine, the resident physical scientist for the International Dark-Sky Association, told Gizmodo. "The latter point is especially important because a number of governments have been convinced to convert their outdoor lighting to LED on the basis of promised reductions in energy usage."

Barentine, who wasn't involved in the new study, says the cost savings from the improved energy efficiency of LED lighting has been directed towards the deployment of more lighting, and with important environmental consequences both in terms of light pollution and carbon emissions.

Satellite images of Calgary, Alberta, taken from the ISS in 2010 and 2015. Many areas on the outskirts are newly lit compared to 2010, and many neighbourhoods have switched from orange sodium lamps to white LED lamps. (Image: Earth Science and Remote Sensing Unit, NASA Johnson Space Center)

"It's not hyperbole to describe the global problem of light pollution as both unprecedented and astounding," he said. "Beyond the energy issue, the main environmental impact of artificial light at night is on the health and wellbeing of practically every organism on Earth, including humans."

Nighttime illumination is considered a serious environmental pollutant, one that's disruptive to nocturnal animals, plants and microorganisms. But it's also bad for human health as it disrupts the biological circadian rhythm, leading to metabolic disorders.

University of Exeter community ecologist Thomas Davies, who is not affiliated with the new study, says it's no secret that artificial light at night is a globally widespread pollutant, but estimating the rate at which it is expanding has been technically challenging.

"This research overcomes many of these technical issues, providing reliable estimates of the global rate of expansion in artificial light pollution," Davies told Gizmodo. "The numbers are truly shocking, given that we know illuminating the nocturnal environment can have widespread ramifications for the environment and human health."

Barentine says the solution to this problem is actually quite simple, but it will require us to gradually change our relationship with light at night.

"We could instantly reduce the problem by about half if we assured that all outdoor lighting fixtures were fully shielded, meaning that they emitted no light directly above the horizon," he told Gizmodo. "We could then further reduce the amount of light pollution in the world if fixtures were properly designed and installed such that the light they emit was confined to the task area, and provided in no greater intensity than needed to safely illuminate the task. Lastly, we could reduce the biological harm of our lights by ensuring that they emit as little short-wavelength (blue) light as possible, by choosing 'warmer' lamps."

The most effective way to bring about these changes is through public policy, says Barentine, so we should encourage the encoding of these principles into local, regional and national laws throughout the world.

These solutions sound simple, and they're certainly sensible, but it's rather convenient for those of us in the developed world to impose such lofty standards onto places where nighttime light is being used for the very first time. Sure, we need to change the culture around the use of outdoor light, but let's start this conversation in places where we already take nighttime illumination for granted.

[Scientific Advances]https://www.gizmodo.com.au/2017/11/blade-runner-2049-director-is-still-wrapping-his-head-around-why-it-underperformedBlade Runner 2049 Director Is Still Wrapping His Head Around Why It UnderperformedBlade Runner 2049 was a critical darling, getting a largely raving reception, but audiences didn't seem to reciprocate. The movie had lacklustre success, failing to bring in little more than half its budget domestically. And while it's done better overseas, director Denis Villeneuve is struggling to understand why the movie was such a box office disappointment - though it could be history repeating itself.

Image: Warner Bros.

In an interview with Yahoo! Entertainment, Villeneuve was asked about how he felt about the movie's less-than-stellar performance in the United States over the past month, making little over $US90 million ($118 million) so far. In short, he's still trying to figure it out. As he mentioned in the chat, the movie did well overseas, where it brought in over $US150 million ($197 million), but it isn't enough to make 2049 a commercial hit. Villeneuve said he's having trouble grasping why a movie that was so beloved by critics ended up being rejected by audiences, hypothesising that it could be because the series' universe wasn't familiar enough for people to want to spent time in it, especially since the film was so long (clocking in at nearly three hours long).

Honestly, I don't know because we had the best critics. I'm still digesting it. I had the best critics of my life, I've never had a movie welcome like that, OK? At the same time, the box office in the United States was a disappointment, that's the truth. Because those movies are expensive, and it will still make tons of money but not enough. I think the thing is that it's maybe because people were not familiar enough with the universe, and the fact that the movie's long. I don't know, it's still a mystery to me.

However, the actual reason could be, as Villeneuve later pointed out, that it's simply history repeating itself. The original Blade Runner wasn't a smash, only bringing in $US27 million during its theatrical run, but it's since become one of the most iconic sci-fi films of all time. That seemed to ensure victory for its highly lauded follow-up. Blade Runner 2049 was supposed to be the box office hit that Blade Runner fans insist the original deserved to be. Instead, it might be another situation where the film's legacy is defined well after it came out in theatres.

That's the first thing one of my sons told me: "Papa you honour the first movie until the very end." Because the first movie had the same fate. The original Blade Runner when it came out wasn't a success, and through time became was it is today. I was not looking for that. But what I really am at peace with is the hard core fans that love the first movie really welcome this one, and that for me it means the world.

I suppose we'll have to wait and see what happens over the next 30 years, to see if Blade Runner 2049 truly follows in its predecessor's footsteps. You can watch the entire interview below.

[via CinemaBlend]https://www.gizmodo.com.au/2017/11/how-to-fix-american-horror-story-now-that-its-finally-free-of-cultHow To Fix American Horror Story Now That It's Finally Free Of CultWhen American Horror Story: Cult bid farewell last week, I cheered like odious main character Kai Anderson (Evan Peters) cheered Trump's victory - because finally, the torturous Cult was over. With at least two more AHS seasons to come, there's still hope it will be able to muster a return to form. But how?

Kathy Bates as Iris in American Horror Story: Hotel, the show's fifth season. Image: Prashant Gupta/FX

Lily Rabe as Shelby in American Horror Story: Roanoke, the show's sixth season. Image: Frank Ockenfels/FX

Bring back the supernatural elements

Despite my overall dislike of the season, I will give Cult credit for doing something completely different with its plot. One thing American Horror Story will never do is exhibit any amount of restraint; it wants to startle you, repulse you and push every possible button. The show knows that its fans expect this, so it delights in rising to the challenge. In Cult, it certainly achieved that, but the plot stayed stubbornly, deliberately rooted in reality. This was the first AHS season that didn't contain any supernatural elements, which tilted its shock value somewhat. Sure, we've had humans being awful to humans in previous seasons, including multiple serial killers. But there's always been some kind of otherworldly menace to really raise the stakes above and beyond that. American Horror Story's previous "real people" characters always became more compelling when their lives became entangled with sinister fantasy - such as Murder House's Harmon family, who picked the most cursed house in Los Angeles to try and make a fresh start, or Roanoke's Matt and Shelby, doomed winners of the most ill-fated property auction in North Carolina history.

In Cult, the horrors felt too real, to the point of being hyper-real - they offered a very exaggerated take on reality but never crossed fully into the spirit realm the way other seasons have done. Instead, they feasted on the deep unease that's permeated America since Trump took office. There's certainly something to be said about being the first show to really capitalise on that - the story and themes cooked up by creator Ryan Murphy and crew were sometimes breathtakingly prescient, as when a long-since-completed episode about a mass shooting had to be quickly re-edited following the tragedy in Las Vegas.

Other times, the show felt forced; the clown gang never really made any sense, nor was it especially scary, and the reenactments of Jonestown and other historical cults were ultimately superfluous to the main story. Even the SCUM subplot, which ultimately tied into the season's final image, felt kind of hollow. Aside from playing fast and loose with history (are we really to believe that militant feminists plotted the crimes attributed to the Zodiac Killer?), it certainly didn't have enough impact to supply Kai's motivation. It also wasn't explored nearly enough to make Ally's final gesture, donning the group's signature hood after her election to the US Senate, the kind of "Holy shit!" moment it was clearly trying to be.

Besides, that kind of stuff is not what endears American Horror Story to its viewers, and that isn't what it should be trying to deliver. There are already already a ton of crime dramas and docudramas and factually iffy recreations on television, including a few in Murphy's own stable of shows. But there's only one series whose wild ride has included ghosts in bondage suits, alien abductions, conjoined twins, witch feuds, glamorous vampires, and a blood-drenched spin on the Lost Colony, to name just a few. Wouldn't it have been awesome if, say, the rotting corpse of Kai's brother (Cheyenne Jackson) had actually come back to life - instead of just speaking to Kai in his twisted mind - and started kicking arse from beyond the grave? Next season, whatever the theme may be, let's hope AHS brings back its signature evil ghosts and campy ghouls, and delves back into a story that exists in its own weird bubble, instead of trying to be such a literal-minded reaction to current events.

Lady Gaga as Scathach in Roanoke. Image: Prashant Gupta/FX

Bring back more fan favourites... and write some likeable characters

Cult had a relatively small cast compared to other seasons of AHS. That meant we spent a lot of time with its main characters. Maybe too much time, considering how across-the-board unlikeable they were. The characters don't have to be good people - Roanoke basically had zero sympathetic characters, though I sure did love Kathy Bates' performance as "the Butcher" and also her bonus turn as "the Unstable Actress Who Played the Butcher on TV" - but a little more balance would have been a relief. Ally (Sarah Paulson) and Kai did 90 per cent of the heavy-lifting and scenery-chewing, while everyone else pretty much existed just to react to their characters. This was especially annoying because while the cast had some intriguing new additions - especially Billie Lourd as Kai's goth sister, Winter, and Leslie Grossman as suburban trainwreck Meadow - Cult never felt like it had the right blend of AHS ensemble magic. It was almost totally the Ally and Kai show, and that got really tiresome after a while.

Obviously, not every season of AHS can have the same cast, but Cult in particular seemed to be missing a lot of fan favourites and familiar faces. Besides Bates, notable absences included Denis O'Hare, Angela Bassett (who directed two Cult episodes) and Lily Rabe. Murphy may never get the series' original touchstone star, Jessica Lange - who earned critical acclaim earlier this year playing Joan Crawford on another of his shows, Feud - back to AHS, though apparently he hasn't totally given up on that, so that would be an amazing goal for season eight or nine. To be fair, some familiar faces did pop up in small guest roles - including John Carroll Lynch reprising his Freak Show role of Twisty the Clown, who appeared as the personification of a comic book character, and Emma Roberts as a TV reporter who meets a ghoulish end. But overall, Cult's key cast felt like it had less spark than previous AHS seasons. Personally, I was hoping for a Lady Gaga cameo, but maybe the eternal Countess/Wood Witch was too busy to stop by and play someone so boringly normal.

Sarah Paulson as Ally in American Horror Story: Cult. Image: Frank Ockenfels/FX

Do the crossover next

Here's a simple solution that would cross both of the above items off the list. With only two more planned seasons, the eighth go-round seems like the perfect time to cash in on AHS' many between-season connections and Easter eggs and give fans the crossover they have been waiting to see, especially since Murphy's been hinting at the idea for some time now. Though in true American Horror Story fashion, we won't know anything for sure until the thing actually hits the airwaves, Murphy has said he wants to do a "return-to-Coven" season that will also bleed Murder House into Coven somehow. That sounds like a recipe for the most memorable American Horror Story of all time - and would certainly go a long way toward making up for the unpleasantness of Cult.https://www.gizmodo.com.au/2017/11/ghost-particles-detected-on-far-side-of-earth-bolsters-crucial-physics-theoryGhost Particles Detected On Far Side Of Earth Bolsters Crucial Physics TheoryIf we're ever going to truly understand how our universe works, we'll need to take a lot of different measurements, but measuring can be one of science's most difficult tasks. How, for example, do scientists measure an invisible thing that passes directly through solid matter without stopping? The inventions scientists come up with to make this possible are often truly incredible - even if the measurements made are totally expected.

Image: Stephan Richter, IceCube/NSF

Today, scientists at the IceCube collaboration are announcing a relatively esoteric but fundamental particle physics measurement: The rate at which the elusive neutrino particles interact with other particles at their highest energies. The result was consistent with physics theory. But it required a telescope buried in a cubic kilometre of South Pole ice pointing down through planet Earth to measure the properties of particles produced on the other side.

Did I mention the telescope is at the South Pole?

"You're at the middle of nowhere, the temperature is 20-40 below zero [-29C to -40C] and the altitude is around 10,000 feet [3048m]," Spencer Klein, one of the study's many authors from Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory in California told Gizmodo. "In addition to being really cold, it's hard to breathe... You stay in a station, modern and comfortable, that's as much like a spaceship as I'll ever get to see."

You might remember that atoms are broken into subatomic particles, protons, neutrons and electrons. But there's another kind of particle, the neutrino, that barely interacts with regular matter at all; unlike a baseball that gets stopped by a wall, a neutrino can pass through the whole Earth without stopping. But they can slow down a tiny bit. The physicists looked to measure the neutrino cross-section - essentially, how likely these particles are to exchange information with the Earth's more common particles. It's like sending a ghost through a crowd and observing the rate at which people were spooked, then measuring whether the spooking tired out the ghost. In this case, scientists only wanted to measure the highest energy neutrinos, those with far more energy than anything created in particle physics experiments like the Large Hadron Collider.

The neutrinos originate from the shower of leftovers created when the Earth's atmosphere stops high energy particles coming in from space. The neutrinos travel through Earth to IceCube - a detector with 5160 optical sensors embedded in the South Pole's ice. They might interact with the atoms in the ice and release a far less spooky particle called the muon, like the screams of the few spooked people. These muons, in turn, emit a flash of blue light, detected by the sensors. The scientists calculated the cross section by comparing the tracks of the neutrinos coming up through the Earth (the ones that had to interact a lot) to those coming from horizontally (the ones that barely had to interact at all).

Nothing unusual showed up in the measurement - it was in line with what the main particle physics theory, the Standard Model, would have predicted. But that alone is important since it can rule out some wackier theoretical ideas. It also demonstrates that the Standard Model is a pretty good theory.

"It's still pretty amazing," Deborah Harris, co-spokesperson of the MINERvA experiment told Gizmodo. Essentially, the theory still works for particles a thousand times more energetic than the particles used to establish it. She also liked how the experiment built on other neutrino experiments to do its one-of-a-kind measurement. She said, "these guys are the only ones who can measure these high energy neutrinos."

Other crazy experiments will soon join IceCube in the hunt for high-energy neutrinos and neutrinos from space like the Cubic Kilometer Neutrino Telescope (KM3NeT), which will work on a similar concept in the Mediterranean ocean. But folks at the KM3NeT were as equally impressed, and one was glad to see the paper land in the prestigious journal, Nature. "This is one of the beautiful examples of what you can do if you have such a machine," Aart Heijboer, KM3NeT's deputy spokesperson told Gizmodo. "Although the detectors are motivated by observing astronomical objects using neutrinos, you can do particle physics as well."

And while the analysis is done mostly at universities, it takes a special kind of scientist to work on a telescope at the South Pole, "These people, even if they make mistakes, they're motive is to find the truth," said author Mark Bowen who recently published a book on IceCube titled The Telescope in the Ice. "They have to look reality in the eye and not be fooled... It's amazing what you can find out when you try to find the truth."

The researchers will continue to refine their measurements - this new paper only accounted for around 10,000 of these super-high-energy neutrinos. They'd like to see what actually happens when the neutrino interacts, while others at the experiment try to understand where neutrinos bombarding Earth from space come from.

But what excited folks at IceCube most was the cool science that could be done with such a neutrino telescope. "This shows that IceCube and experiments with naturally produced neutrinos can be used to do a lot of interesting physics," said Klein. "In some ways, they have capabilities beyond what you can get at accelerators because of the energies."

[Nature]https://www.kotaku.com.au/2017/11/black-fridays-best-tech-and-gaming-dealsBlack Friday's Best Tech And Gaming DealsFresh off the back of the Click Frenzy deals, we have the big one: Black Friday. Need a console for cheap? A discount on a controller? Bargains on games? Never fear, we've got your back. Here's our list of the best tech and gaming deals you can get this Black Friday.

Spawned out of the United States, Black Friday is a shopping frenzy the day immediately after Thanksgiving. But while Thanksgiving isn't a global cultural event, more and more retailers around the world have been doing their own version of Black Friday.

That's especially the case in Australia this year, with the imminent launch of Amazon Australia. But even without the big A opening warehouses locally, there's still plenty of retailers slashing prices ahead of Friday. Cyber Monday is typically a big day for deals as well, and you can expect to see a whole bunch of deals extended over the weekend.

As always, we'll keep updating this post as more deals come in.

Microsoft

Off the back of the Click Frenzy sales, Microsoft are expected to offer a range of discounts across hardware - like Xbox One bundles and their Surface line - with discounts on games.

Not all of the deals are live yet, although there are a range of discounts on games. You'll need an Xbox Live Gold subscription to take advantage, but you can get a month of the service for just $1 until next Wednesday.

As for the games, here's what's on offer right now:

MWAVE

The hardware retailer slashed prices on a bunch of hardware and accessories for Click Frenzy, and they're taking part in the Black Friday sales as well.

AMD's Ryzen CPUs Just Got A Black Friday Discount If you've been holding out on a CPU upgrade, good news. AMD's entire Ryzen line just got a haircut across the board just ahead of Black Friday. Read more

Ryzen Threadripper 1950X 3.4GHz (16c/32t) – $1149

Ryzen Threadripper 1920X 3.5GHz (12c/24t) – $949

Ryzen Threadripper 1900X 3.8GHz (8c/16t) - $609

Ryzen 7 1800X 3.6GHz (8c/16t) - $449

Ryzen 7 1700X 3.4GHz (8c/16t) - $389

Ryzen 7 1700 3.0GHz (8c/16t) - $379

Ryzen 5 1600X 3.6GHz (6c/12t) – $285

Ryzen 5 1600 3.4GHz (6c/12t) – $259

Ryzen 5 1500X 3.6GHz (4c/8t) - $229

Kogan

Kogan has a wide mix of electronics, usually focusing on phones and TVs. There's the occasional mix of monitors and PC components, though. More deals are expected to go live from November 22. Also note that if you're looking at the TVs, the KU8000's have Samsung panels.

Kogan 75" 4K LED TV (Series 8 KU8000): $2199

​Kogan 49" Agora Smart 4K LED TV (Series 8 KU8000): $479

LG 27" Ultra HD UHD 4K IPS Monitor (27UD58-B): $599

Apple iPhone 8 (64GB Gold): $999

Samsung Galaxy S8 (64GB Midnight Black): $839

Apple iPhone 7 (32GB Black): $819

EB Games

EB's Christmas sale has already kicked off. It's not technically part of Black Friday, but it's a sale, and it's games for cheap. You don't mind, right?

Note that some games will have multiple platforms available for the same price. EB only has individual listings, so in those instances I've just listed to the overall search page so you can manually select which version you'd prefer.

Rainbow Six Siege (PC): $19

Rare Replay (XBO): $19

DOOM (PS4/XBO): $19

Tyranny Commander Edition (PC): $19

Wolfenstein The New Order (PS4/XBO): $19

Dragon Ball Xenoverse (XBO): $19

Torment Tides of Numenera (PC/PS4/XBO): $23

Watch Dogs 2 (PC): $23

Far Cry Primal Special Edition (PS4/XBO): $23

The Witcher 3 (PS4/XBO): $28

Watch Dogs 2 (PS4/XBO): $28

Final Fantasy 15 (PS4): $28

Dishonored 2 (PS4/XBO): $28

Ghost Recon Wildlands (PS4): $36

Nier Automata (PS4): $47

Fortnite (PS4/XBO): $47

As an added benefit, EB are teasing something extra for Black Friday - which they sent to the Kotaku office by way of a puzzle:

Dell

If you're after laptops, pre-built desktops, pre-built gaming PCs or quality IPS monitors, Dell usually has a good range. There's 40% discount on some models, but the deals will expire Thursday November 23.

Note that the prices below are for the base models, as quoted, but you can customise each model to a higher spec if you choose. Some models are flat out discounted, while others have "cash off" offers.

Inspiron 15 5000 (i7-7500U, 256GB SSD, 16GB RAM, R7 M445 GPU, 15.6" 1080p): $1078.99

Inspiron 13 7000 2-in-1 (i7-8550U, 8GB RAM, 256GB SSD, Intel 620, 13.3" 1080p): $1499

Inspiron 15 Gaming (i7-7700HQ, 16GB RAM, 128GB SSD + 1TB SATA, GTX 1050 Ti, 15.6" 1080p): $1519

Inspiron 13 5000 2-in-1 (i7-8550U, 16GB RAM, 512GB SSD, Intel 620, 13.3" 1080p, Dell Active Pen): $1599

Inspiron 13 7000 (i5-8250U, 8GB RAM, 256GB SSD, Intel 620, 13.3" 1080p): $1273

Inspiron Gaming Desktop (Ryzen 1700X, 8GB RAM, RX 580 8GB, 256GB SSD + 1TB SATA): $1699

Inspiron 27 7000 (Ryzen 7 1700, 16GB RAM, 256GB SSD + 1TB SATA, RX 580 8GB): $2378.99

Dell Ultrasharp 27 4K HDR U2718Q: $749

Dell 27 S2716DG (1440p, 144Hz TN): $779

Sony

The usual: TVs, cameras, and occasionally a discounted console.

43" X7000E 4K HDR TV: $798

49" X7000E LED 4K HDR: $998

Sony a7 II E-Mount Camera (Body only): $2019

a7R II E-Mount Camera (Body only): $4149

Fanatical (formerly Bundle Stars)

It's not just the major stores: the smaller independent gaming retailers are running discounts of their own, too. Fanatical has a mix of indie bundle packages and discounted AAA games, with some of the more eye-catching ones below.

You can also save an extra 10% by using the BLACKFRIDAY10 checkout code. The code only works for individual games, however, and not bundles.

Max Damage Bundle (Carmageddon: Max Damage, Punch Club, System Shock Enhanced Edition, Guts and Glory, Serial Cleaner, Final Exam, Monochroma, Sudden Strike Gold): $4.62 Darksiders Franchise Pack: $13.23

Metro Redux Bundle: (Metro 2033, Metro Last Light): $7.93

Stupidly good deal at that price, even if you just want Sudden Strike and System Shock.

Middle-earth Shadow of War: $42.90

Disgaea 2 (PC): $14.29

Batman Arkham VR: $11.91 LEGO The Hobbit Complete Pack: $6.62

A range of sellers are taking part in eBay's sales. You'll get 20% off with the PING20 checkout code. Prices below are after the discount is applied; if you have multiple items in your cart, the code will apply across the whole cart, if applicable.

There's just about everything: cameras, GPUs, console, phones, accessories, you name it. Below is a list of some of the better deals, but if you head to the landing page here you can browse through each category individually for more.

Note that some of these deals will end on Thursday November 23.

LG V20 (64GB Titan Grey): $439.19

Sapphire AMD RX Vega 64 8GB: $660

Intel i7-7700K 4.2GHz CPU: $409.6

MSI Geforce GTX 1080 Gaming X OC 8GB: $700

PlayStation

Sony's Black Friday deals will go live from 1100 AEDT Thursday November 23 and will run until 1059 AEDT Tuesday November 28. We don't know the full list of deals, but Sony have advised that there will be 50% or more discounts on blockbusters including Witcher 3: Game of the Year Edition, Ghost Recon: Wildlands and Gran Turismo Sport.

PlayStation Plus 12-month subscriptions will be selling for 25% off as well.

Here's some of the deals that are live now:

Uncharted The Lost Legacy: $27.47

Persona 5: $49.97

Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2: $29.98

Ghost Recon Wildlands: $39.98

Tales of Berseria: $39.98

Gran Turismo Sport: $39.97

Life is Strange Before the Storm Deluxe Edition: $26.56

Middle-earth Shadow of War: $59.97

The Evil Within 2: $49.97

Wolfenstein 2 The New Colossus: $49.97

Horizon Zero Dawn: $39.97

Final Fantasy 15: $27.98

Nioh: $32.97

Knack 2: $27.47

Uncharted 4: $28.47

Bloodborne: $19.18

Uncharted The Nathan Drake Collection: $23.97

Witcher 3: The Wild Hunt: $23.97

Friday the 13th: $27.97

Sniper Elite 4: $29.98

JB Hi-Fi

Range of TVs, electronics and some cracking console bundles from tomorrow. There'll be 30% off accessories from Razer, Corsair, Logitech and more as well, but here are the main deals.

The biggest deals: GT Sport for a measly $29, and an Xbox One S 500GB deal with Minecraft for $269.

Xbox One S 500GB w/Minecraft, Minecraft Explorers Pack and Minecraft: Story Mode: $269

Mafia 3 (PS4/XBO): $19

GT Sport (PS4): $29

GTA 5 (PS4/XBO): $39

Crash Bandicoot N.Sane Trilogy (PS4): $39

Destiny 2 (PS4/XBO): $49

Forza 7 (XBO): $49

Overwatch GOTY Edition: $49

Assassin's Creed Origins: $59

Wolfenstein 2: $59

Middle-earth Shadow of War: $59

Project CARS 2: $59

South Park Fractured But Whole: $59

Call of Duty WW2: $59

Big W

Big Blue are getting involved as well, offering discounts on a ton of games with the odd bundle.

Here's Big W's Black Friday Gaming Deals All the retailers are getting in on Black Friday. As for Big W? They're discounting hard on the games, with Uncharted Lost Legacy going for $20, Ubi's open-world drug cartel smash-a-thon for $24 and Horizon Zero Dawn for $32. Read more

Mass Effect Andromeda: $20

Uncharted The Lost Legacy: $20

Ghost Recon Wildlands: $24

Titanfall 2: $24

Horizon Zero Dawn: $32

GT Sport: $32

Battlefield 1 Revolution: $39

Rayman Legends (Switch): $39

Project CARS 2: $42

Crash Bandicoot N.Sane Trilogy: $42

GTA 5: $44

Overwatch GOTY: $44

Forza Motorsport 7: $49

FIFA 18: $54

The Evil Within 2: $54

Wolfenstein 2: $54

South Park Fractured But Whole: $59

NBA 2K18: $59

ARK Survival Evolved (PS4/XBO): $59

Good Old Games

The CD Projekt RED-owned storefront has kicked off their sales as well, with solid discounts on retro games and a few bargains on more recent titles.

Dungeon Keeper 2: $1.89

Hellblade Senua's Sacrifice: $25.49

Oxenfree: $3.99

Wasteland 2 Director's Cut: $22.49

Battle Chasers Nightwar: $30.49

Dead Cells: $14.79

We Are The Dwarves: $2.59

Tempest Treasure Lands: $3.59

Two Worlds Epic Edition: $1.29

Divinity Original Sin 2: $51.49

Kerbal Space Program: $29.89

Theme Park: $1.89

Jade Empire Special Edition: $3.89

Project Highrise: $6.39

Heroes of Might and Magic 3 Complete Edition: $3.19

Theme Hospital: $1.89

Medal of Honor Allied Assault War Chest: $2.59

Wing Commander 5 Prophecy Gold Edition: $2.29

Wonder Boy The Dragon's Trap: $17.79

Bubsy The Woolies Strike Back: $22.99https://www.kotaku.com.au/2017/11/heres-jb-hi-fis-black-friday-gaming-dealsHere's JB Hi-Fi's Black Friday Gaming DealsIf you're after some discounted games from this year, including a huge haircut on GT Sport or just a better deal on South Park or Destiny 2, JB's deals are worth a look.

The deals will go live tomorrow, timed with the release of the latest catalogue. You can see the relevant snippet from the catalogue below, but if you just want the skinny on what's available and for how much, here's the biggest items:

Xbox One S 500GB w/Minecraft, Minecraft Explorers Pack and Minecraft: Story Mode: $259

Mafia 3 (PS4/XBO): $19

GT Sport (PS4): $29

GTA 5 (PS4/XBO): $39

Crash Bandicoot N.Sane Trilogy (PS4): $39

Destiny 2 (PS4/XBO): $49

Forza 7 (XBO): $49

Overwatch GOTY Edition: $49

Assassin's Creed Origins: $59

Wolfenstein 2: $59

Middle-earth Shadow of War: $59

Project CARS 2: $59

South Park Fractured But Whole: $59

Call of Duty WW2: $59

You'll also be able to get a base PS4 500GB console for $269 and the Skyrim PSVR bundle for $349, $10 less than what Target was offering.

And if you do get the JB catalogue delivered, here's what you can expect to see from tomorrow:

For more Black Friday deals, see our roundup below.

Black Friday's Best Tech And Gaming Deals Fresh off the back of the Click Frenzy deals, we have the big one. Black Friday. Need a console for cheap? A discount on a controller? Bargains on games? Never fear, we've got your back. Here's our list of the best tech and gaming deals you can get this Black Friday. Read morehttps://www.kotaku.com.au/2017/11/heres-big-ws-black-friday-gaming-dealsHere's Big W's Black Friday Gaming DealsImage: Getty Images

All the retailers are getting in on Black Friday. As for Big W? They're discounting hard on the games, with Uncharted Lost Legacy going for $20, Ubi's open-world drug cartel smash-a-thon for $24 and Horizon Zero Dawn for $32.

First posted on the Whirlpool forums, the Big Blue will be offering mostly discounted games with a couple of decent bundles. The deals are available from November 24 to November 27.

Bundle-wise, the main attraction is a 500GB Xbox One S with either Assassin's Creed Origins or Forza Horizon 3 for $269. You're only getting a download token for either game, and Forza doesn't come with the Hot Wheels DLC*, so keep that in mind. Update (1614 AEDT): Xbox's Jeremy Hinton confirmed that you do get the Hot Wheels DLC with Forza Horizon 3, but Big W didn't note that in the catalogue. Thanks Jeremy!

As for the games, the biggest drawcards are Ghost Recon Wildlands at $24, Uncharted: The Lost Legacy for $20, and Destiny 2 for $49.

The full list:

Mass Effect Andromeda: $20

Uncharted The Lost Legacy: $20

Ghost Recon Wildlands: $24

Titanfall 2: $24

Horizon Zero Dawn: $32

GT Sport: $32

Battlefield 1 Revolution: $39

Rayman Legends (Switch): $39

Project CARS 2: $42

Crash Bandicoot N.Sane Trilogy: $42

GTA 5: $44

Overwatch GOTY: $44

Forza Motorsport 7: $49

FIFA 18: $54

The Evil Within 2: $54

Wolfenstein 2: $54

South Park Fractured But Whole: $59

NBA 2K18: $59

ARK Survival Evolved (PS4/XBO): $59

Here's the catalogue:

For a full list of Black Friday deals, see our roundup below.

Black Friday's Best Tech And Gaming Deals Fresh off the back of the Click Frenzy deals, we have the big one. Black Friday. Need a console for cheap? A discount on a controller? Bargains on games? Never fear, we've got your back. Here's our list of the best tech and gaming deals you can get this Black Friday. Read morehttps://www.kotaku.com.au/2017/11/10-beautiful-screenshots-for-your-next-desktop-wallpaper10 Beautiful Screenshots For Your Next Desktop WallpaperHodgedogs, AKA Larah Johnson, is a clinical nurse. Born in America but living in Sweden, by day she handles medical matters, but by night she takes some of the best video game screenshots you'll ever see.

The images you're seeing below weren't edited or manipulated in Photoshop in any way. Instead, like many other screenshots artists (and PC gamers in general), Hodgedogs uses ReShade to boost the visuals of the game while it's actually running.

They aren't taken using a game's built-in photo mode, either. "I actually don't use in-game photo modes much any more, since many of their camera movements are very restricted", she tells Kotaku.

"Instead I use various tools. The main purpose of the tool system is to hijack the in-game 3D camera by overwriting values in its camera structure with our own values so we can control where the camera is located." This means messing with things like its pitch/yaw/roll values, field of view and the camera's look vector. "I actually have a friend by the name of Frans Bouma that creates various in-game tools that I use more than any in-game photo mode, and I can highly recommend them to anybody."

I've posted a number of Hodgedogss images below, but you can find more at her Flickr page.https://www.lifehacker.com.au/2017/11/alert-2017s-black-friday-deals-have-already-begunBlack Friday Australia: The Best Deals So Far [Updated]Amazon is less than a day away from launching their online retail service in Australia with a soft launch set for tomorrow afternoon. This means that you will soon be able to buy everything from food to electronics without paying exorbitant international shipping fees. As the launch inches closer, more and more questions are being answered about Amazon’s arrival in the Great Southern Land. We’ve rounded up everything you need to know.https://www.lifehacker.com.au/2017/11/tesla-could-be-doomed-heres-whyTesla Could Be Doomed - Here's WhyImage: iStock

Former GM executive Bob Lutz returned to Tesla-sceptic mode last week and said that the company is doomed. This isn’t the first time Lutz — who retired from General Motors after also working for Ford, Chrysler, and BMW — has foretold Tesla’s demise. Unfortunately for Musk, he presents some compelling points

For the record (and I’ve asked him about this), he doesn’t think Tesla CEO Elon Musk is a poor leader; quite the contrary, he admires what Musk and Tesla have done. It’s just that he doesn’t think Tesla has any meaningful technological advantages over the rest of the auto industry.

And he’s right: GM brought a long-range, affordable EV, the Chevy Bolt, to market a year ahead of the Tesla’s own Model 3. Tesla had thus far struggled to deliver it’s cars, while GM could finish the year selling 5,000 Bolts a month.

Tesla brand is formidable, but relative to the major companies in the traditional auto industry, Tesla is cash-compromised. GM and Ford, for example, are sitting on strong balance sheets. Tesla, meanwhile, has enough cash on had to operate for about a year.

Tesla is also spending about $US1 billion per quarter, in-line with what GM spends — but GM is selling dozens of vehicles and raking in profits. Tesla is selling, effectively, two cars and haemorrhaging funds.

Prepare for the sales downturn

Plus, Tesla is subject to the same market dynamics as everybody else. At the moment, the US market is riding an extended sales boom. By the time the numbers are added up, 2017 should see around 17 million in new-vehicle sales. Tesla’s little slice of that translates into a near-monopoly on luxury electric cars.

When the downturn in sales arrives, it’s not outlandish to predict that Tesla’s sales will fall alongside the rest of the industry’s. The revenue drop-off wouldn’t be arriving at a good time, as the company has to:

build the Model 3 in mass quantities develop its just unveiled Semi Truck and new Roadster expand it manufacturing footprint beyond a single factory

That’s all going to cost billions, and lacking profits, Tesla can ill-afford to backpedal on revenue, which has been climbing year-over-year.

The problem with companies that don’t make money in the car business is that eventually the lack of profits always catches up with them. GM hadn’t made money for a few years prior to its 2009 bankruptcy. The financial crisis pushed the company over the edge, but even a prolonged downturn in sales would have punished the carmaker’s overleveraged balance sheet.

Lutz had a front-row seat for this, by the way. That doesn’t mean Tesla will go bankrupt. But the risk that it might is significant and its financial condition points in that direction, so investors have to take it into account.https://www.lifehacker.com.au/2017/11/here-are-your-black-friday-sex-toy-deals-you-filth-wizardsBlack (Label) Friday: The Best Sex Toy And Lingerie DealsAmazon is less than a day away from launching their online retail service in Australia with a soft launch set for tomorrow afternoon. This means that you will soon be able to buy everything from food to electronics without paying exorbitant international shipping fees. As the launch inches closer, more and more questions are being answered about Amazon’s arrival in the Great Southern Land. We’ve rounded up everything you need to know.https://www.lifehacker.com.au/2017/11/live-blogging-black-fridays-best-deals-flash-sales-and-crazy-bargainsLive Blogging Black Friday’s Best Deals, Flash Sales And Crazy BargainsAmazon is less than a day away from launching their online retail service in Australia with a soft launch set for tomorrow afternoon. This means that you will soon be able to buy everything from food to electronics without paying exorbitant international shipping fees. As the launch inches closer, more and more questions are being answered about Amazon’s arrival in the Great Southern Land. We’ve rounded up everything you need to know.http://uk.businessinsider.com/the-economic-cost-of-brexit-in-gdp-2017-11£72 BILLION: The cost of Brexit is already turning Britain into a second-rung nationBrexit will cost Britain £72 billion in lost economic activity annually, according to an analysis of government figures.

Leaving the EU is already dragging down the British economy.

The UK is now growing more slowly than Japan or Italy.



LONDON — Chancellor Philip Hammond's annual budget, presented yesterday, has finally given Britain the first concrete numbers on the cost of Brexit.

The government's Office for Budget Responsibility published revised GDP growth numbers based on data following the June 2016 referendum. Those new estimates suggest that Brexit will cost Britain £72 billion in lost annual economic activity by 2021, according to an analysis by the Resolution Foundation.

Previously, the best estimate of the economic damage leaving Europe will inflict on the UK came from a private estimate by one of Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union David Davis's advisors, of about £22 billion per year, mostly from extra trade tariffs and barriers.

Here are the new GDP charts from the OBR.

They show other major economies such as the US, the EU, and Canada all growing faster now than they were in the six months prior to the Brexit referendum in 2016. Only in the UK has growth slowed, as the pound lost value and investors hit the pause button. Even Japan, an infamous economic basket case hobbled by years of stagnation, is doing better than the UK:

In terms of sequential GDP growth through Q3 2017, Britain now lags France and debt-ridden Italy, too. This chart comes from Pantheon Macroeconomics:

This next chart shows how much we are forecast to lose in GDP activity every year, based on the difference between the OBR's previous estimate in March and its new estimate, from updated post-referendum data:

The Resolution Foundation says the gap will represent a loss of £72 billion in 2021:

"The economy is now expected to be roughly £42 billion smaller at the start of 2022 than was thought back in March. This downgrade comes on top of the deterioration pencilled in after the Brexit vote of June 2016. As such, the latest GDP projections point to an economy that will be £72 billion (or 3.4 percent) smaller in 2021 than had been projected in March 2016."

That's £72 billion in lost jobs, revenues, consumer spending, and so on.

There are other factors at play, of course. A big one is the UK's chronic lack of productivity, exacerbated by its refusal to allow in the young immigrant workers to generate the income tax receipts its ageing population needs to pay for the NHS and its state pensions.

But the OBR's downward revisions from March to November of this year all come in the post-Brexit-vote period, and the only thing of macroeconomic substance that changed between then and now was the realisation that the UK is headed toward hard Brexit rather than a trade deal that would keep the country closely tied to the single market.http://uk.businessinsider.com/500-amazon-workers-in-europe-to-strike-on-black-friday-2017-11More than 500 Amazon workers in Europe are going on strike this Black FridayWorkers in Italy and Germany plan to strike on Black Friday.

At least 500 from Piacenza, Italy, said they will walk out.

Amazon said it will do its best to fulfil orders without them.



More than 500 Amazon employees in Europe will go on strike on Black Friday in a bid to win higher pay from the retailer, according to trade unions.

Large numbers of employees in Germany and Italy will stay home for one of the busiest shopping days of the year in a bid to win concessions from their employer.

Workers at Amazon's main Italian distribution hub posted a statement saying that they would walk out after attempts to secure bonuses from management broke down.

They said at least 500 of the 1,600 staff in Piacenza, 45 miles south of Milan, would refuse to work on Black Friday, according to the Reuters news agency. They are also refusing to work overtime until the New Year.

At the same time, workers at six distribution centres in Germany are also due to strike as part of a long-running pay dispute.

The ver.di union is co-ordinating the walkout, and said its members deserve a bigger share of the profits Amazon makes from the holiday.

They did not specify how many workers were due to strike. Business Insider has contacted ver.di to ask for a figure.

According to Reuters, the strike will be the first ever for Italian Amazon workers, though those in Germany have taken action before.

In a statement to Reuters, Amazon in Italy said its focus would be trying to make sure that orders made on and around Black Friday arrive on time.

It added that its workers' salaries are already high, and they get other benefits including medical insurance and training.http://uk.businessinsider.com/germany-merkel-coalition-talks-political-chaos-britain-brexit-2017-11Why political chaos in Germany will not hand Britain a Brexit advantageGerman political instability will not give the UK any advantage on Brexit.

Experts tell Business Insider the political turmoil in Berlin will no "have any major impact on Brexit.

Brexit is not a "big issue" in Germany.



LONDON — Talks about forming a coalition government in Germany collapsed on Sunday, causing political instability in the most powerful country in the European Union.

The unprecedented failure of coalition talks has meant that another election could occur in January, four months after the country last went to the polls. On Monday Chancellor Angela Merkel said she would prefer to hold new elections to leading a minority government.

The development has led some prominent Brexit-supporting Conservative MPs to push UK prime minister Theresa May to "take advantage" of the situation and Merkel's weakness to suspend plans to increase the UK's offer for the divorce bill after Brexit.

Backbench Conservative MP Jacob Rees-Mogg told The Times it would be "foolish" to approve a higher financial settlement for the EU, and former Tory leader Ian Duncan Smith urged the government to "sit tight" as the situation had tipped Brexit negotiation into chaos.

However, experts on German politics have told Business Insider that British politicians have vastly overestimated the significance of Brexit in German politics.

Dr Charlotte Galpin of the University of Birmingham said: "I wouldn't expect this to have any major impact on Brexit... Brexit has always been very low down on German politicians' list of priorities."

Dr Hartwig Pautz of the University of West Scotland told BI: "I don't think Brexit is seen to be a big issue in Germany – the decision has been taken, after all."

Galpin said: "I would see it as irrelevant. Germany does still have a government, and this idea of a crisis in Germany is being overstated in the UK press.

"I'm not sure I see any scope for change on something like the so-called divorce bill. From a German point of view, it's about the UK paying its commitments and the responsibilities it has already made to contribute to the EU budget. So there's a very different conception in Germany of what this divorce bill conflict is all about."

The former German ambassador to the UK told the Independent that instability in Berlin is "bad news for Britain," not a situation to take advantage of.

Thomas Matussek said: "I think the German instability is bad news for Britain, it’s bad news for Europe but, most of all it is bad news for the Germans ... You have a normally loud and constructive voice which has been silenced. You have a country that is looking inward and is self-absorbed.

No concessions from Germany

The UK should also not expect Germany to make concessions whether it has a stable government or not, but the current situation makes German Brexit interventions all the more unlikely.

Pautz, a co-convenor of the German Politics Specialist Group at the Political Studies Association said: "The German government is a caretaker government so they won't be willing to make significant moves on the European stage.

"Convention has it that caretaker governments should not make decisions that limit what the next legitimate government can do."

Galpin told BI: "All of the mainstream parties in Germany are more or less united on their approach to Brexit in that the guiding principle is unity amongst the EU27 and that there should be no cherry-picking of what country's like about the EU.

"With the latest developments I would expect that still remains the case, but perhaps it would be even less likely that the UK government might get concessions from Germany."

Pautz made it clear that Germans do not understand why Brexit is happening so slowly and why talks do not advance. He said: "The political class looks at Britain with some sort of bewilderment – about both the decision itself and about why progress in the negotiations doesn’t happen. People think they're playing party politics on the back of the EU.http://uk.businessinsider.com/theres-a-high-chance-that-ubers-failure-to-disclose-its-hack-was-illegal-2017-11There's a 'high chance' that Uber's failure to disclose its hack was illegalUber on Tuesday revealed that it had covered up a data breach that took place in 2016, affecting 57 million users.

The company failed to tell authorities around the world and, according to Bloomberg, paid $100,000 to the hackers to cover up the breach, which included names, emails, and phone numbers.

UK authorities have said British users were affected but haven't said how many.

The UK's digital minister, Matt Hancock, said the company probably broke the law — the most damning statement yet from the government.



The questions are piling up on Uber about a data breach that put at least 57 million users at risk but wasn't disclosed by the company.

The ride-hailing company is now under investigation in the US, the UK, and other countries for failing to disclose the hack to authorities and apparently paying hackers to cover up the breach.

Now the UK's digital minister, Matt Hancock, has given the most damning official statement yet on the breach by suggesting the company broke the law by failing to disclose.

Hancock made the comments in Parliament on Thursday. Asked by Labour MP Kevin Brennan whether Uber had broken the law in relation to the breach, Hancock responded that Brennan "asked whether this is illegal under current UK law — that of course is matter for the courts, but I think there's a very high chance that it is."

Neither Hancock nor Brennan went into further detail.

Uber did not specifically respond to Hancock's comments but said in a statement: "We are in the process of notifying various regulatory and government authorities and we expect to have ongoing discussions with them. Until we complete that process we aren't in a position to get into any more details."

Hancock added that it's an "aggravating factor" if a company gets hacked but doesn't tell authorities immediately. That can potentially lead to higher fines, though in the case of the UK's data authority, that's only a maximum of £500,000, or $665,000. Bloomberg on Tuesday reported that Uber had paid the attackers a $100,000 ransom.

"Delaying notification is not acceptable," Hancock said.

The UK's data watchdog, the Information Commissioner's Office, has already said it will investigate the breach.

We still don't know how many British users were affected

The ICO has confirmed British users were affected by the hack but hasn't yet given an estimate on how many.

According to Hancock, Uber has handed over information on how many of its UK users were affected by the hack.

But he said the government didn't fully trust the figures.

He said: "In terms of the number, we do not have sufficient confidence in the number we have been told by Uber to go public. We're working with the [National Cyber Security Centre] to have more confidence in that figure."

Hancock pointed out that the number of customers affected by the hack on the US consumer-data giant Equifax turned out to be bigger than originally estimated. The government says it plans to publish its findings in "a matter of days."

It also turns out that the government found out about the hack only from media reports on Tuesday, with Uber giving statements to the press before speaking with UK authorities, Hancock said.

"Uber had failed to tell the UK authorities before they spoke to the media," he said.

"As far as we can tell, it was not a hack perpetrated in the UK. Our role is therefore to at this stage is to understand how UK citizens were affected. We are working with the ICO and the NCSC, and they are talking to the [Federal Trade Commission] and others to get to the bottom of this."

Hancock added that it seemed unlikely that any of the stolen information could be used to steal customers' money.

"At this stage, our initial assessment for Uber customers ... the stolen information is not the sort of information that would allow direct financial crime."http://uk.businessinsider.com/leaked-document-reveals-eus-scathing-view-of-uks-unimpressive-politicians-2017-11Leaked document reveals the EU's scathing assessment of Britain's 'unimpressive' politiciansA leaked report quotes EU officials as saying the government is in "chaos" over Brexit.

Senior EU figures view Britain's leading politicians as "unimpressive" and low quality.

Irish government paper notes that Brexit Secretary David Davis had a meeting with the French European affairs minister without mentioning Brexit once.

Prime minister's spokesperson says the government is working hard on Brexit.



LONDON — A leaked document has revealed the scathing view of senior EU figures about leading politicians in Theresa May's government

The internal paper by the Irish government's Department of Foreign Affairs documents scathing assessments of British ministers and EU figures bemoaning "political confusion" in the government contributing to the slow progress of Brexit talks.

One senior official said they were alarmed by "chaos in the Conservative government," as ministers argue over the correct course to take as the UK leaves the EU, Irish broadcaster RTÉ reported.

According to the leaked paper, officials were amazed that Brexit Secretary David Davis had barely mentioned Brexit during a meeting with the French ministers for defence and European Affairs.

This surprised the French ministers, who thought Davis would use the meeting as an opportunity to try and smooth French resistance to negotiations advancing to the next stage.

The Czech Republic's Deputy Minister for Foreign Affairs Jakub Dürr told Irish officials "he felt sorry for British Ambassadors around the EU trying to communicate a coherent message when there is political confusion at home."

In a separate meeting, a minister in the Czech government described Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson as "unimpressive" but said that at least he had "avoided any gaffes" during a visit to the country in September.

The report is based on a series of meetings between Irish ambassadors and officials with government officials in ten EU countries and Japan.

It quotes Ian Forrester, the British judge in the European Court of Justice, bemoaning "the quality of politicians in Westminster."

According to the paper, Forrester went on to wonder whether the British public would view Brexit as "a great mistake" when they realised the reality of what leaving the EU meant for the UK.

The comments will be a worry to Theresa May, as she attempts to break the deadlock in Brexit talks before a crucial European Council summit next month.

EU heads of state will use the meeting to decide if "sufficient progress" has been made on three key issues to allow negotiations to move onto the next stage.

Last week Taoiseach Leo Varadkar said that Brexit talks are not even close to progressing to the next stage.

The prime minister's spokesperson told Business Insider: "I don't comment on leaked documents but more broadly the government is working hard on preparations for Brexit. You can see that work is ongoing. There are ongoing preparations for all eventualities as spelled out by the chancellor yesterday. On Ireland, I would reiterate there is a good and constructive working relationship with the Prime Minister and the Taoiseach.

"I have not seen the document and I will never comment on leaked documents."

Liberal Democrat MP and Brexit spokesperson told MPs on Thursday that the report painted a "rather unflattering picture of the UK government’s negotiating skills," and asked Leader of the House Andrea Leadsom for a debate on the government's incompetence.

In response, Leadsom told Brake to "stop talking the country down" and said: "We are extremely optimistic about the prospects for the UK as we leave the EU and his constant pessimism is not helping."http://uk.businessinsider.com/apple-supplier-foxconn-to-stop-using-illegal-intern-labour-on-iphone-x-2017-11Apple supplier Foxconn says it will stop using illegal intern labour to assemble the iPhone XThe Apple supplier Foxconn has admitted to using illegal intern labour to assemble the iPhone X.

Students said they worked 11-hour days, which is a breach of Chinese labour law.

The scandal comes after Apple reportedly faced delays in getting the iPhone X to customers.



The Apple supplier Foxconn has said it will stop using illegal intern labour in its factories that are used to assemble technology products for some of the world's biggest companies, according to a report by BBC News.

Foxconn's use of interns on its production lines was first reported by the Financial Times. Six students told the newspaper that they regularly worked 11-hour shifts assembling Apple's new iPhone X, which is a breach of Chinese labour law. The Financial Times said a group of 3,000 interns worked in Foxconn's factories.

The students, who were reportedly ages 17 to 19, told the Financial Times that their work at Foxconn was work experience that they had to do to complete their education.

Now, Foxconn has told BBC News it has ended its practice of letting interns work overtime. The company reportedly said it took "immediate action to ensure that no interns are carrying out any overtime work," and it said interns represented "a very small percentage" of its overall workforce.

Apple told BBC News it was "dedicated to ensuring everyone in our supply chain is treated with the dignity and respect they deserve." It continued: "We know our work is never done and we'll continue to do all we can to make a positive impact and protect workers in our supply chain."

It's an embarrassing story for Apple, which has regularly faced criticism over the supply chain of its products. Apple had to ask the Chinese mining company Huayou to stop using child labour after Sky News found it was using children as young as 4 to mine for the material.

Foxconn has faced its own issues in the past: In 2010 a series of employees died in suicides after working long hours in the factory, which eventually led the company to erect suicide nets on its buildings designed to prevent future deaths.

The iPhone X faced production problems

The KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo covers Apple's supply chain in Asia and regularly covered delays with the iPhone X. He said Apple faced shortages on key components of the device, which meant it struggled to get the phones it needed ready for when it went on sale.

Apple CEO Tim Cook was asked about the potential of delays to the iPhone X in an interview with BuzzFeed. The executive gave a rather diplomatic answer: "We'll see what happens, but we'll be working as hard as possible to make as many as possible."http://uk.businessinsider.com/hutch-ceo-beatrice-fischel-bock-home-redesign-photos-2017-11This 26-year-old CEO used her own interior design app to redo her entire home in just one week — see the before-and-after photosBeatrice Fischel-Bock, founder and CEO of the interior design startup Hutch, recently used her own app to redesign her home.

The redesign took only one week.

Fischel-Bock was recently featured on Forbes' 30 Under 30 list, in the Retail and Ecommerce category. Beatrice Fischel-Bock, 26, who runs the interior design startup Hutch, knew it was time to give her own home a new look. She lives in a Spanish-style bungalow in West Hollywood, and she was ready to "adultify" it. "I moved into this house in September 2015. It had so much character and was perfect for what I was looking for. I really wanted a place that had some integrity, and especially a place that was very California," she said in a press release. To create a more adult apartment, Fischel-Bock used her own company's app to get the job done in just one week. The 3D designer tool in the Hutch app allows users to visualize how furniture can be placed and what it will look like in the space. Below, take a look at how Fischel-Bock's charming home turned out. View As: One Page Slides

Fischel-Bock began the redesign process in the bedroom, which was mostly white before.

With the redesign, she aimed to create a more feminine, elevated, and relaxed feeling in the bedroom.

Without much color, the room felt barren before.

She added a splash of color with a framed collection above her bed. "My mom is an artist so I have picked up art throughout the years from my travels and visiting local flea markets," she said.

Originally, her bedside lamp had a makeshift addition to help adjust the light.

To add texture and more pops of color, she chose a wooden bedside table and a rose gold lamp.

Her redesigned bedroom includes Parachute Home bedding, West Elm curtains, and a Target side table.

The living room redesign focused on adding new furniture pieces and accents that created texture, like the rug.

She kept it simple with a clean, white couch, but added patterned pillows and a throw blanket to add texture and color.

The dining room includes various items from Cost Plus World Market, including the dining chairs and the lamp shade.

The aqua kitchen is accented with light-green, glass drawer knobs.http://uk.businessinsider.com/malia-obama-dating-rory-farquharson-harvard-2017-11Barack Obama's daughter is reportedly dating an investment manager's son who was head boy at a £35,000-a-year private school in EnglandMalia Obama is dating Rory Farquharson, the British son of an investment manager, the Daily Mail reported.

Both 19, Obama and Farquharson met at Harvard, where they're studying.

Farquharson attended the £35,000-a-year private Rugby School in England.



The 19-year-old daughter of former US President Barack Obama, Malia Obama, is reportedly dating the son of a British investment manager.

After TMZ published a video of Malia Obama kissing a man during the Harvard-Yale football game over the weekend, the Daily Mail identified him as Rory Farquharson, who was head boy at a £35,000-a-year ($47,000-a-year) private school in England.

Farquharson, 19, began his studies at Harvard last year, according to Rugby School, an English private school he attended, where a term's education costs up to £11,584.

Here's Farquharson pictured in June:

It's been an absolute delight and pleasure to have this exceptional student @rory_farq from @Harvard spend this week with us in Belfast 🚀 pic.twitter.com/ICFnJT19h5 — Conor Houston (@ConorHoustonNI) June 9, 2017

He was a golf and rugby player and was selected as "head of school" for the 2015-16 year. A school friend told the Daily Mail that he was "popular" and "quite a catch."

Farquharson's CV says he spent a summer as an intern with the Centre for Democracy and Peace Building in Northern Ireland, appeared in a rugby video played at the World Cup opening ceremony in 2015 (which Prince Harry also appeared in), and was a member of the Rugby School's chemistry club, the Blue Bunsen Society.

Congratulations to Rory who played for the Irish Exiles on Sunday #wholepersonwholepoint #rugby pic.twitter.com/LwL89MXdyl — Rugby School (@RugbySchool1567) January 24, 2017

The Telegraph reported that Farquharson's Twitter account, which has now been deleted, suggested he had an interest in investment just like his 57-year-old father, Charles, the CEO of the London-based Insight Investment Management Limited. His mother, Catherine, 58, is also a qualified accountant.

The family live in a six-bed detached home in Woodbridge, Suffolk, worth £1.6 million, The Telegraph reported.

Farquharson had also appeared to criticize US President Donald Trump on Twitter, according to The Telegraph. The Daily Mail reported, however, that Farquharson followed the current president on Twitter but did not follow Barack Obama.http://uk.businessinsider.com/former-boxer-james-toney-says-he-wished-he-had-punched-donald-trump-when-he-had-the-chance-2017-11A former world champion boxer once promoted by Donald Trump says he wished he punched him when he had the chanceA former world champion boxer regrets not punching US president Donald Trump when he had the chance in the 1990s.

American fighter James Toney fought three times at the Trump Taj Mahal in Atlantic City and had a run-in with Trump when the president called him "Whatshisname."

Toney also says Trump is a "racist" because of the way activist and former NFL star Colin Kaepernick has been treated.



A former world champion boxer says he regrets not punching US president Donald Trump when he had the chance.

A decorated prizefighter, American boxer James Toney has notable victories over devastating puncher Michael Nunn, heavy hitter Mike McCallum, and former Olympic gold medalist Vassiliy Jirov.

But before Toney became a remowned fighter around the world, he was once on a show promoted by Donald Trump.

Speaking to Donald McRae in The Guardian, Toney recalled an incident when he was competing on the same event as headlining boxer Roy Jones Jr.

Toney took on Doug DeWitt, but before their super middleweight fight in 1992 at the Trump Taj Mahal in Atlantic City, Trump called Toney "Whatsisname." The 49-year-old regrets not punching "him in the face."

He said: "Remember when he was a promoter and he had me and Roy [Jones] on the same bill in Atlantic City. I should’ve punched him in the face but my mom… stopped me."

"Trump pointed to me and was saying: 'Call Whatsisname over here.' I’m thinking: 'Whatsisname? I’m your headline attraction and you can’t say my name?' I said to Trump: 'I’m going to bust your head open, mother f*****.'"

Toney says he was "pulled away," but regrets not "knocking his head off and saving the world lots of trouble."

He also said that the treatment of former San Francisco 49ers quaterback Colin Kaepernick shows that Trump is "a racist."

Kaepernick protested police brutality against black Americans by bending a knee rather than standing for the pre-game US national anthem.

Kaepernick opted out of his 49ers contract in March 2017. He is currently a free agent and has not been signed by any NFL side.

Trump has been a vocal opponent of the take-a-knee movement and posted a series of tweets in September.

In an apparent reference to Kaepernick, Trump said that if a player protests the national anthem then club owners should "Get that son of a b**** off the field."

The Atlantic said Trump's war of words focused on "black athletes" like Kaepernick. The New Yorker also wrote an article about the "racial demagoguery of Trump's assault on Kaepernick."

Toney said: "[Trump is] the president but he’s a racist. That’s why Colin Kaepernick hasn’t got a job. Pure racism from Trump down."http://uk.businessinsider.com/elon-musk-just-met-his-100-day-deadline-on-a-50-million-bet-2017-11Elon Musk just won a $50 million bet for building the world's largest lithium-ion battery in 100 daysElon Musk has won a high-stakes bet after the construction of the world's largest lithium-ion battery was completed in under 100 days.

The Tesla founder made a bet on Twitter with Atlassian's Mike Cannon-Brookes in March that Musk would supply the battery within 100 days or it was free.

Musk said that if he failed to meet the deadline, the project would have cost him "$50 million or more."



Elon Musk will get paid for building the world's largest lithium-ion battery in South Australia, as the 100-megawatt project is about to begin testing ahead of a December 1 deadline to complete building it or make it free.

State premier Jay Weatherill announced on Thursday that regulatory testing at the site — which is paired with the French energy business Neoen's Hornsdale wind farm, 230 kilometres north of Australia's capital, Adelaide — would begin within days.

When fully charged, the battery, Tesla's Powerpack, is expected to hold enough power for 8,000 homes for 24 hours, or more than 30,000 houses for an hour during a blackout.

The project is part of a $550 million plan by the state to guarantee energy supply following a statewide blackout last year that turned into a national political debate over energy security and costs. A 250-megawatt gas-fired generator, expected to cost $360 million, is also due to come online this summer to provide extra power.

The battery is the result of a Twitter bet between the Tesla founder and Atlassian's Mike Cannon-Brookes in March that he would supply the battery within 100 days or it was free. The clock began ticking when Musk visited Adelaide in September to sign off on the deal — though work was already underway on the plant after the government gave the contract to Musk in July.

Musk had said that if he failed to meet the deadline, it would have cost him "probably $50 million or more."

The Tesla plant will be called upon during periods of "load shedding," when excess demand would otherwise result in blackouts.

Weatherill said that the battery was now complete and that the testing would ensure it is optimised and meets energy market regulatory requirements.

"It sends the clearest message that South Australia will be a leader in renewable energy with battery storage," he said. "An enormous amount of work has gone into delivering this project in such a short time, and I look forward to visiting Jamestown next week to personally thank those who have worked on this project."

Get the latest Tesla stock price here.

Read the original article on Business Insider Australia. Copyright 2017.http://uk.businessinsider.com/the-uk-is-on-course-for-longest-fall-in-living-standards-since-records-began-2017-11The UK is on course for longest fall in living standards since records beganStark new report shows the UK faces the lowest productivity growth since 1812.

Resolution Foundation Budget analysis shows Britain is on course for the longest period of falling living standards since the 1950s.

Treasury analysis finds poorest households will be hit hardest by long-term policy.



LONDON — The United Kingdom is on course for its longest period of falling living standards since records began in the 1950s, analysis published following the Budget has found.

The report published by the Resolution Foundation titled "Freshly Squeezed" says that there is a "bleak outlook" for Britain's families, as living standards fall for the longest period ever documented.

The analysis shows that average wages will not return to their 2007 peak until 2025, three years later than was forecast in the Budget in March of this year.

The think tank also found that the Office of Budget Responsibility handed Philip Hammond the biggest downgrade to productivity forecasts since its creation in 2010, as the OBR slashed its growth forecasts for the UK economy as well.

The chancellor announced that GDP growth forecasts had been revised down every year until 2021, including from 2% to 1.5% in 2017, partly due to waning productivity but also due to uncertainty over Brexit.

The report shows that productivity growth will be at just 0.1% by the end of 2017, which would make this the worst decade for productivity growth since 1812 when Britain was in the midst of the Napoleonic Wars.

Torsten Bell, the director of the Resolution Foundation said: "Following years of incremental changes, yesterday the OBR handed down the mother of all economic downgrades pushing up borrowing for the Treasury.

“While Philip Hammond chose to take a relaxed approach to additional borrowing, families are unlikely to do so when it comes to the deeply troubling outlook for their living standards that the Budget numbers set out.

"Families are now projected to be in the early stages of the longest period of continuous falls in disposable incomes in over 60 years – longer even than that following the financial crisis."

Real household disposable incomes are set to fall for an unprecedented 19 successive quarters between 2015 and 2020, according to the foundation.

The report also criticised the government's announcement that stamp duty would be abolished for first time buyers on houses up to £300,000, suggesting that the £3 billion cost of the measure could have supported the building of 40,000 social rented properties or 140,000 homes through the Housing Infrastructure Fund.

The foundation's analysis shows that the policy is set to cost £160,000 for every new homeowner created, which would have been sufficient to buy people typically priced properties in over a quarter of English and Welsh local authorities.

Bell said: "On the substance of the Budget the Chancellor has made the right call in boosting housing investment and focusing on this key issue of intergenerational concern. However, yesterday’s stamp duty rabbit is in reality a very poor way to boost home ownership. Its £3bn cost could have been better spent building 140,000 new homes through the government’s own Housing Investment Fund.

“Faced with a grim economic backdrop the Chancellor will see this Budget as a political success. But that would be cold comfort for Britain’s families given the bleak outlook it paints for their living standards."

Budget will hit poorer households harder in long-term

Analysis from the Treasury shows that the budget will have a harder long-term impact on the poorest households the most, through changes to tax, welfare and public spending.

The government's own household impact assessment documents show that those in the bottom income brackets will be affected the most by policy changes, as well as those at the very top. Both groups will lose nearly 2% of their net incomes by 2019/20.

Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn told HuffPost that Hammond was "revising people’s wages and living standards down."

He said: "The poorest tenth of households will lose about 10% of their income by 2022, while the richest will lose just 1%.

"So much for ‘tackling burning injustices’. This government is tossing fuel on the fire."http://uk.businessinsider.com/blast-hollywood-stuntman-training-course-london-how-it-went-video-2017-11We went on a Hollywood stuntman training course for a day — here's what happenedThis is how stuntmen train for Hollywood movies.

The "BLAST" course takes place over three days and costs £800.

Previous students have gone on to work on blockbuster movies like "Transformers" and "Star Wars."

This is what Hollywood stuntman training looks like. The BLAST course – short for "British Live Action Stunt Training" – takes place in Purfleet, London over three days.

The course is lead by Andreas Petrides, founder of the British Action Academy and stunt coordinator who has worked on films such as "Star Wars: Episode 1" and "28 Days Later".

You can find out more about the British Action Academy here.

Produced and filmed by Jasper Pickering. Additional filming by David Ibekwe.http://uk.businessinsider.com/how-a-north-korea-soldier-defected-video-2017-11How a North Korean soldier crashed a vehicle, got shot 5 times, and dashed across the border to South KoreaThe American-led United Nations Command has released the much-anticipated footage of the defection of a Korean People's Army (KPA) soldier. The soldier made his move around 3 p.m. local time on November 13. The footage shows how the soldier drove at high speed to the Joint Security Area (JSA) at Panmunjom, crashed his vehicle, sprinted across the Military Demarcation Line (MDL) underfire, and was rescued by South Korean Army personnel after being shot at least four or five times. The footage also shows the exact moment a KPA soldier violated the six-decade old armistice agreement that has temporarily halted open hostilities between the North and the South. See the important moments here: View As: One Page Slides

The video begins with the KPA soldier driving a vehicle at a high rate of speed towards a bridge.

The vehicle passes a KPA checkpoint and drives over the bridge.

The vehicle passes the Kim Il Sung signature monument, which is where North Korean tours of the JSA begin.

The KPA soldier then turns and drives toward the MDL, presumably to drive across it and into South Korea.

The soldier unexpectedly hits an obstruction while underneath some trees (headlight slightly visible near the center), just feet away from the MDL.

As the vehicle runs into the obstruction, KPA guards start running towards the defector to try and stop him from crossing the MDL. The shot on the right is near the Kim Il Sung signature memorial, where the defector just drove through.

Realizing the vehicle cannot go any further, the defector makes a break for it and sprints towards the MDL.

Almost immediately after the defector gets out, four KPA soldiers (one is in a prone position underneath the second man from the right) begin shooting at him.

The soldier in the prone position is armed with an AK-47 rifle, while the other three soldiers are armed with pistols.

A side-by-side shot showing the defector on the South Korean side of the MDL, while KPA soldiers get into position to shoot at him

After the defector crosses the MDL, a KPA soldier momentarily gives chase and crosses the MDL before turning around. By crossing the MDL, the North Korean soldier likely violated the armistice agreement signed in 1953.

Three minutes after the defection, fourteen KPA soldiers, part of a reaction force, gather at the Kim Il Sung signature memorial

The defector, now wounded after being shot at least four times, lies against a retaining wall on the South Korean side of the MDL, still partially in view of the North Korean guards.

A thermal camera captures the heat signatures of the defector (circled) being retrieved by two South Korean non-commissioned officers (arrows). The officers, worried about possible sniper fire, had to crawl over to him, and drag him to safety.http://uk.businessinsider.com/business-insider-uk-is-hiring-a-social-media-and-partnerships-manager-2017-10Business Insider UK is hiring a Social Media and Partnerships ManagerBusiness Insider UK is looking for a Social Media and Partnerships Manager to join our team.

The Social Media and Partnerships Manager understands the ever-evolving world of social networks and platforms, and will develop a long-term strategy to manage and grow existing accounts and expand to new platforms.

He or she will oversee day-to-day management of our Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and reddit accounts, which together have over 6 million followers.

In addition, this person will be in charge of developing and managing Business Insider's editorial partnerships for syndicated content. The role involves identifying potential partners, building relationships, framing stories for BI readers, and making sure those stories reach our diverse audience.http://www.businessinsider.com/difference-between-types-laughter-according-to-neuroscientist-social-laugh-comedy-social-2017-11There are two types of laughter — here's the difference between themProfessor Sophie Scott of University College London studies cognitive neuroscience of human communication. She is well-known for her TED Talk called, "Why We Laugh." We asked her to explain the difference between the types of laughter we use in social situations. Following is a transcript of the video.

Sophie Scott: Human beings tend to think that we laugh at jokes and comedy, but actually, a psychologist called Robert Provines found that human beings mostly laugh when they’re with other humans — it's a social behavior.

Hi, my name's Professor Sophie Scott and I'm based at University College London where I study the cognitive neuroscience of human communication.

And what this actually means is that a lot of our laughter is doing kind of social affiliative work. So, we’re laughing as much to show that we like someone, we know someone, we’re part of the same group as someone. We understand them.

In fact, this quite striking number — you’re 30 times more likely to laugh if there’s somebody else with you than if you're on your own. It’s primed by other people being there and then it will be shaped by how you feel about those other people.

I think that the two most important kinds of laughs or distinctions between laughs are whether or not they are completely involuntary or if they're a bit more communicative. So, if you think back to the last time you laughed and you could not stop laughing, you absolutely lost it, that feels quite different. And it can be really hard to break out of as compared to a lot of the laughs that happens in conversations which you drop into and out of really quickly and you time really precisely with the other people that you’re talking to.

So I think those would point to different kinds of brain systems that are involved and it suggests there may be a fundamental difference between sort of helpless laughter and more social laughter.

We know that chimpanzees have two different sorts of laugh. They laugh differently if they’re being tickled than if they’re trying to make play last longer. And that does sound a bit like our helpless laughter and our social laughter.

Genuine, spontaneous, helpless laughter is often indicated by, first of all, you can’t stop doing it. It just keeps coming through. If you try and stop yourself laughing, you'll find you start making funny noises and you try and talk and your voice will sound strange.

Social laughter is often much quicker to start and much quicker to end. We know that social laughter is also frequently lower in pitch. It sounds qualitatively different. Of course, in interactions, if you like the person you're talking to, you don't mind. You don’t sit there with your friends going, “I don’t think all this laughter is spontaneous. I believe you’re choosing to produce some of this.” ‘Cause you know what it means. Somebody's going, “I'm giving you this laughter. I'm giving you this laughter for extremely positive reasons.”

So, it's something that we are happy to share whether or not it’s voluntary or involuntary. I think the proviso is if you feel like you don't like somebody or you don't trust why they’re laughing, then you can be a bit more dismissive of their apparently social laughter — like, “Oh, what're they doing with that?” It’s almost like you hear the falseness when you don't have that friendliness and that affiliation for the laughter to fit in with.http://www.businessinsider.com/jeans-denim-small-pocket-levis-secret-2016-5Here’s why your jeans have that tiny front pocketEvery pair of jeans has a tiny pocket in the front right pocket. Why? What is it for? Where does it originate? We found out!

EDITOR'S NOTE: This video was originally published on May 6, 2016.http://www.businessinsider.com/why-some-people-turn-red-drink-alcohol-2017-4The disturbing reason some people turn red when they drink alcoholSome people will have their face turn extremely red when they drink alcohol, and it is not a good sign. Those who do turn red after drinking alcohol have a condition called alcohol flush reaction. They're literally poisoning their bodies whenever they drink. Following is a transcript of the video.

Here's why some people turn red when they drink. It's a condition called "alcohol flush reaction." Side effects include flushed skin, nausea, headache, and rapid heart beat.

The cause is a buildup of acetaldehyde in the body. Acetaldehyde is highly toxic and a known carcinogen. When alcohol hits the liver, it metabolizes into acetaldehyde.

Usually, it's quickly converted to a safer form, acetate. But people with alcohol flush reaction are different. Their body turns alcohol into acetaldehyde faster. But their liver takes more time to turn acetaldehyde into acetate.

The results are: A less intense "buzz," harsher side effects from acetaldehyde poisoning, and long-term, a higher risk of mouth and throat cancers.

Alcohol flush reaction is a genetic condition. It's thought to originate among the Han Chinese, in central China. Over the centuries, it has spread throughout East Asia. An estimated 1/3 of East Asians have it.

Since the condition is genetic, there is no cure. The upside? Those afflicted often avoid excessive drinking and alcoholism.

EDITOR'S NOTE: This video was originally published on April 2017.http://www.businessinsider.com/difference-between-sweet-potato-and-yam-2017-10The yams you've been eating are probably sweet potatoes — here's how to tell the differenceYams and sweet potatoes are not the same thing. In fact, you've probably bought a sweet potato, thinking it was yam!

There are many types of sweet potatoes ranging from white, yellow, red, purple, or brown on the outside with white, yellow, orange, and reddish flesh inside. There are also sweet potatoes that soften during cooking and those that stay firm.

When softer sweet potatoes first hit the market in the US, growers needed a way to differentiate between the two. The soft sweet potatoes resembled African yams, so growers just started calling them yams.

In reality, yams are much starchier and drier than sweet potatoes. They also aren't as sweet.

They're usually only found in international grocery stores so you would have to go out of your way to find them.

Confusingly, growers do still label some sweet potatoes yams but the USDA requires those labels to also mention that they're really just a type of sweet potato.

So next time you shop for "yams," looks closely, you might be in for a "sweet" (potato) surprise!

EDITOR'S NOTE: This video was originally published on October 12, 2017.http://www.businessinsider.com/sophia-robot-citizen-thanksgiving-message-humanity-video-hanson-robotics-2017-11Sophia, the world's first-ever robot citizen, has a message for humanity this ThanksgivingSophia isn't your typical robot. Just a month ago, the humanoid robot was granted legal citizenship in Saudi Arabia, making Sophia the world's first-ever robot citizen. And after a whirlwind press tour where we had the chance to interview the emotionally expressive robot for ourselves, Sophia is back with a message for humanity on Thanksgiving.

"In the time I've spent with humans, I've been learning about this wonderful sentiment called gratitude," Sophia says in her message to mankind. "Apparently it's a warm feeling of thankfulness, and I've observed that it leads to giving, and creating even more gratitude — how inspiring. This Thanksgiving, I would like to reflect on all of the things I'm thankful for."

Check out the video above to hear exactly what Sophia is thankful for — including something that would never make a human's list.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/nordic-dairy-giant-arla-is-using-ar-to-get-finnish-kids-hooked-on-milk-2017-11/Nordic dairy giant Arla launches an epic AR campaign – in which a ‘wannabe cow’ kitten gets kids excited about milkThe ‘Aamu Cat’ is activated through purpose-made milk cartons, and “lives” on in each user's smartphone - like a pet. Arla

So far, we’ve mostly heard about AR being used for spatial experiences, whether that's a conference visit, trying out Ikea furniture or construction projects.

In a new campaign aimed at Finnish milk drinkers, Nordic dairy giant Arla pioneers the narrative use of AR technology among consumers.

Ad

Starting next week, milk drinkers in Finland can scan the side of an Arla milk carton with their mobile to see a kitten jump out of a barn. The AR-kitten, called ‘Aamu Cat’ (aamu is 'morning' in Finnish), will then move around the breakfast table and become your smartphone pet.

“What makes this AR campaign unique is the narrative arc, where the kitten develops into a cat over time,“ says Toni Marttila, the Sales Director of Arilyn, the Finnish AR startup behind the app.

Arla says it's employed AR to “delight” kids and families in particular.

“We want to use new technology to extend the storytelling, and to do so, we’re using an great media space at home, the side of the milk carton,” says Tomi Sirén, Arla Finland’s Head of Digital.

This is how it goes down.

"We're raising the bar in brand storytelling."

Both Arla and Arilyn point to the experimental nature of the campaign – but believe that AR could have major ramifications for how consumer goods brands communicate with their customers.

Arla – well-established in Finland as is its "Aamu Kissa" character – considers itself the first major brand in the world to use AR in lifecycle marketing.

“We do see that we’re breaking ground, and raising the bar in brand storytelling,” Sirén says, specifically pointing to the narrative elements of Aamu Cat.

For instance, the kitten’s behavior will depend on the time of the day, and whether you keep playing with it.

“It wants to become part of the cows, which is why it looks a bit like cows and acts like them,” Mikko Rissanen, the Managing Director of Isobar Finland, the company that designed the 'Aamu Cat' concept.

“It’s hopefully the beginning of something big,” Sirén says, while floating the possibility of expanding Arla’s AR-compatible product categories or adding more gamification elements to the app.

Fusing the lifecycle elements of Tamagotchi with the AR of Pokemon Gó, the Aamu Cat concept was developed by Isobar Finland. Arla

“We start from Finland, and ideally we take this global.”

Arilyn’s Toni Marttila believes AR could usher in a new way for brands to create engagement and loyalty among consumers, especially in cases where the product – like milk – is fairly commoditized.

“Although grocery stores are fast becoming automated, the cartons aren’t going anywhere anytime soon. So why do you as a consumer choose a certain product?”

The Finnish population drinks more milk than any other country in the world: about 123 liters per person per year. The northern country is also known as a global early adopter of cutting-edge technologies. Arla

The answer may be an emotional bond. The AR-enabled narrative and real-time elements of storytelling, Marttila predicts, “will make the customer want to return to your product again and again.”

If that really is the case, remains to be seen. The Aamu Cat cartons will officially launch on 27th of November through selected stores in Finland.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/net-neutrality-portugal-how-american-internet-could-look-fcc-2017-11/If you want to see what America would be like if it ditched net neutrality, just look at Portugalcaption Ajit Pai, chairman of the Federal Communications Commission. source Reuters/Kevin Lamarque

The Federal Communications Commission is planning to ditch net neutrality, which requires internet providers to treat all data online equally.

A Portuguese internet provider shows what the American internet could look like if net neutrality is scrapped.

One company charges people more for additional data based on the kind of app they want to use, such as those for messaging or for video.

On Tuesday, the US Federal Communications Commission announced that it planned to vote on an order to roll back Obama-era rules governing net neutrality.

Ad

Simply put, net neutrality means that all data on the internet is treated equally. An internet service provider can't prioritize certain companies or types of data, charge users more to access certain websites and apps, or charge businesses for preferential access.

Advocates of net neutrality argue that it ensures a level playing field for everyone on the internet. Telecoms firms, however, are largely against it because of the additional restrictions it places on them.

But with the Republican-majority FCC likely to vote on December 14 in favor of rolling back the order, what might the American internet look like without net neutrality? Just look at Portugal.

The country's wireless carrier Meo offers a package that's very different from those available in the US. Users pay for traditional "data" - and on top of that, they pay for additional packages based on the kind of data and apps they want to use.

caption English translation via Google Translate. source MEO

Really into messaging? Then pay €4.99 ($5.86 or £4.43) a month and get more data for apps like WhatsApp, Skype, and FaceTime. Prefer social networks like Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, Messenger, and so on? That'll be another €4.99 a month.

Video apps like Netflix and YouTube are available as another add-on, while music (Spotify, SoundCloud, Google Play Music, etc.) is another, as is email and cloud (Gmail, Yahoo Mail, iCloud, etc.).

Net-neutrality advocates argue that this kind of model is dangerous because it risks creating a two-tier system that harms competition - people will just use the big-name apps included in the bundles they pay for, while upstart challengers will be left out in the cold.

For example: If you love watching videos, and Netflix is included in the video bundle but Hulu isn't, you're likely to try to save money by using only Netflix, making it harder for its competitors.

And without net neutrality, big-name apps could theoretically even pay telecoms firms for preferential access, offering them money - and smaller companies just couldn't compete with that. (It's not clear whether any of the companies named above have paid for preferential access.) An ISP could even refuse to grant access to an app at all unless they paid up.

Democratic Rep. Ro Khanna of California originally shared the Meo example on Twitter in October.

"In Portugal, with no net neutrality, internet providers are starting to split the net into packages," he wrote. "A huge advantage for entrenched companies, but it totally ices out startups trying to get in front of people which stifles innovation. This is what's at stake, and that's why we have to save net neutrality."

Technically, Portugal is bound by the European Union's net-neutrality rules, but loopholes allow certain kinds of pricing schemes like the one outlined above.

Yonatan Zunger, a former Google employee, recently retweeted Khanna's tweet, adding: "This isn't even the worst part of ending net neutrality. The worst part happens when ISPs say 'we don't like this site's politics,' or 'this site competes with us,' and block or throttle it."http://nordic.businessinsider.com/swedens-15-most-powerful-families--and-how-they-got-incredibly-rich-2017-11/Sweden’s 15 most powerful families – and how they got incredibly richFredrik Sandberg/Henrik Montgomery/Tomas Oneborg/SvD/TT

With more than half of the Nordic region's dollar-billionaires, Sweden towers above its neighbors when it comes to building up personal wealth. What's the secret?

One explanation lies in the country's all-powerful family dynasties, all of which run a major part of the country's economy - and two of which feature among the 17 richest in Europe.

Having founded businesses like H&M, Ikea and Tetra Pak, they very much encapsulate the rise of Sweden as an industrial and technological powerhouse. We decided to take a closer look, and listed 15 most powerful families in Sweden.

While old money still dominates, Sweden's rich also –through family-run investment companies like Kinnevik, Investor and Ikea Foundation – make sure to circulate some of their wealth back into the next generation of companies.



From the old money dynasty of the Wallenbergs to self-made IKEA billionaire Ingvar Kamprad and his sons, here are most powerful families in Sweden right now.

15. Stenbeck

Cristina Stenbeck and her husband Alex Fitzgibbons. Fredrik Sandberg/TT

The Stenbeck family’s investment company Kinnevik has transformed over three generations. Hugo Stenbeck founded the company in 1936. His son Jan Stenbeck reshaped the business from pulp and paper and ironworks to telecom and media. Under Cristina Stenbeck’s rule it changed once again, with massive investments into technology e-retail. Kinnevik is today a major owner in Zalando.

Main Holdings: Kinnevik

Industry: Investments

Key family member: Jan Stenbeck’s daughter Cristina Stenbeck is the majority shareholder of Kinnevik. She resigned as chairman of the company in 2016.

14. Bennet

Carl Bennet (to the right) seen together with the Swedish prince Daniel at a hockey game. Robert Granström/TT

Carl Bennet is all about long-term, active ownership. His first big investment in medtech company Getinge laid the foundation for the investment company Carl Bennet AB. Less than three decades later, his empire was valued at more than 10 billion Swedish crowns ($1,2 bn). Bennet often takes part in political debates which has earned him the name ‘The red baron’. His fortune is estimated to 24 billion Swedish crowns ($3 billion).

Main Holdings: Carl Bennet AB, main owner of listed companies Getinge, Lifco and Elanders.

Industry: Investments

Key family members: Carl Bennet is chairman of Getinge, Lifco and Elanders and has a daughter, Anna Bennet.

13. Lundin

Ian Lundin, chairman of Lundin Petroleum. Tomas Oneborg/Svd/TT

Oil baron Adolf Lundin started his first independent oil company in 1981 after several years in the business. Through several mergers and acquisitions, Lundin then formed Lundin Oil; a company that was sold off to a Canadian owner in 1991. The same year, Lundin Petroleum saw daylight and went public. Today, the family controls 13 commodity companies. They have been criticized for investing heavily in conflict areas such as South Sudan.

Main Holdings: Lundin Mining, Lundin Gold, Lundin Petroleum, Lucara Diamond, Etrion Corp, Africa Oil and more companies.

Industry: Commodities

Key family members: The brothers Ian Lundin, chairman of Lundin Petroleum, and Lukas Lundin, who is in control of the mining companies.

12. Hult

Magnus Hjalmarson Neideman / SvD / TT

Bertil Hult was a school dropout with dyslexia but paradoxically made his fortune in education. In 1965, Hult founded one of the world’s largest education companies, EF, which is specialized in language training and exchange programs. During its 50th anniversary in 2015, EF had 40,500 employees in 40 countries. The 40 billion SEK ($5 billion) company is fully owned by the Hult family.

Main Holding: EF

Industry: Education

Key family members: The three oldest sons Philip, Alex and Edward are now in control of the company. Founder Bertil Hult still serves as a member of the board.

11. Douglas

Gustaf Douglas (to the left) mingles with the Swedish king Carl Gustaf. Jonas Ekströmer/TT

After getting sacked as CEO of the national daily, Dagens Nyheter, Count Gustaf Douglas’ lusted for revenge. His ensuing career shift saw Douglas found one of Sweden’s most successful investment companies, Latour. Among Latour's biggest holdings is security firm Securitas, which, after initially failing, made an impressive turnaround to become a world-leading company.

Main Holding: Latour

Industry: Investments

Key family members: Gustaf Douglas’ sons Eric and Carl, both worth around $1,2 billion, are now in control of the company.

10. Mærsk Uggla

Ane Uggla, vice chairman of A.P. Møller-Mærsk. Wikimedia

Arnold Peter Møller was the shipping king who founded A.P. Møller-Mærsk, the Nordics’ largest corporation today. When his successor Arnold Mærsk Mc-Kinney Møller passed away in 2012, the fortune was split between his three daughters. Ane Uggla, who’s lived in Stockholm since the 1970s, has a net worth 47 billion Swedish Crowns ($6 billion) and is today Sweden’s second richest woman after Antonia Ax:son Johnson.

Main Holding: A.P. Møller-Mærsk.

Industry: Shipping.

Key family member: Ane Uggla serves as vice chairman of A.P. Møller-Mærsk since 2010.

9. Paulsen

Frederik Paulsen Jr, Ferring’s chairman. News Oresund/Flickr

The German researcher Friederich Paulsen escaped the Nazis during the 1930s and found sanctuary in Malmö, Sweden. Together with his wife, Eva Frandsen, he co-founded in 1958 a company that would later become Ferring – a fast-growing, global pharmaceutical company. Their son Frederik Paulsen Jr, who runs the business today, has made a name for himself as a philanthropist.

Main Holding: Ferring

Industry: Pharmaceutical

Key family member: Frederik Paulsen Jr, Ferring’s chairman, is worth 53 billion Swedish Crowns ($6 billion).

8. Schörling

Sofia Schörling Högberg serves as member of the board in MSAB. Hexagon

Melker Schörling earned a reputation of being the one of the smartest investors of his generation with a magic track record. The son of a farmer, Schörling started with a 25 million SEK investment ($3 million) which 30 years later had grown to almost 50 billion Swedish crowns ($6 billion).

He retired last year from all of his board duties last year due to health issues. The Schörling family together with H&M’s Stefan Persson and other investors recently decided buy out his life’s work and run it outside the stock exchange.

Main Holding: Melker Schörling AB

Industry: Investments

Key family members: Melker Schörling’s daughters Sofia Schörling Högberg and Märta Schörling Andréen are the next generation of business leaders.

7. Ax:son Johnson

Antonia Ax:son Johnson is Sweden's richest woman. Wikimedia Commons

Three generations of industrialists and merchants built the Axel Johnson group before splitting into two parts during the 1990s. The shipping and industry businesses were sold out, and Axel Johnson Co reshaped into a shopping empire. Antonia Ax:son Johnson, the first female who inherited the business, and her husband Göran Ennerfelt, are the architects behind the transformation.

Main Holdings: Axel Johnson AB which fully owns Kicks, Martin & Servera, Åhléns and hold shares in Axfood and Sweden's largest e-commerce company, Dustin.

Industries: Consumer retail

Key family member: Antonia Ax:son Johnson is chairman of Axel Johnson AB and Sweden’s richest woman with a net worth of 55 billion Swedish crowns ($7 billion).

6. Lundberg

Fredrik Lundberg. SvD/TT/Magnus Hjalmarson Neideman

Fredrik Lundberg has been called ‘The Warren Buffett of Sweden’ for his incredible ability to make money by investing. He succeeded his father Lars Lundberg as CEO of the family’s property company as a 30-year-old.

Fredrik Lundberg soon evolved the business into one of Sweden’s most successful investment companies. The portfolio consists of a fully owned real estate company and major holdings in Handelsbanken, Sandvik and Skanska.

Main Holding: Lundbergföretagen.

Industry: Investments

Key family members: Louise Lindh and Katarina Martinson represent the family’s third generation. Louise Lindh, CEO of Lundberg Fastigheter, is following in her father’s footsteps.

5. Olsson

Dan Sten Olsson and Queen Silvia of Sweden breaking a sacrificial bottle of champagne for Stena Primorsk, 2006.

What started as a small family business in the late 1930s has made an astonishing journey, from a scrap dealership to one of Sweden’s largest private-owned companies.

Sten A Olsson made a fortune from his shipping company Stena Line, and his son Dan Sten has expanded into real estate, finance and recycling. The Olsson family is worth 83 billion Swedish crowns ($ 10 billion).

Main Holding: Stena AB (parent company of Stena Line, Stena Fastigheter, Stena Metall and several other companies).

Industries: Shipping, real estate, recycling, finance.

Key family members: Dan Sten Olsson runs the family business since 1983.

4. Persson

H&M's CEO Karl-Johan Persson together with his father Stefan Persson. Tomas Oneborg/SvD/TT

It took three generations of entrepreneurs to develop H&M into the fashion giant it is today. Erling Persson opened its first store in 1947, expanded in Sweden a made the company public. Under his son Stefan Persson’s ruling, H&M grew into a global fashion empire.

Now Karl-Johan Persson manages the family business and invests heavily in new brands and e-commerce. The family patriarch Stefan Persson is worth 208 billion ($31 billion), according to Veckans Affärer, which makes him Sweden’s second-richest.

Main Holding: H&M

Industry: Retail

Key family members: Karl-Johan Persson took over as H&M’s CEO after Stefan Persson in 2009. Stefan Persson is now chairman of the board.

3. Rausing

91-year old Hans Rausing is the former CEO of Tetra Pak and Sweden's third-richest person behind Ikea founder Ingvar Kamprad and H&M heir Stefan Persson. Peter Lydén / TT

A revolutionary packagning invention by Erik Wallenberg laid the foundation for Tetra Pak in 1951. It took almost ten years to develop the company's iconic milk carton into perfection, but it’s safe to say it was worthwhile. The big break-through came in the 1960s as Tetra Pak replaced the old milk bottles and became the world’s best-selling beverage packaging.

Read More: A 91-year old Swedish billionaire’s insanely expensive comeback to the packaging industry could finally bear fruit

The Rausing family cashed in on the commercial success during the 70s and 80s and earned a place among Europe’s richest. Tetra Laval, Tetra Pak’s parent company, counts among the world’s leading packaging companies of today.

Main Holding: Tetra Laval

Industry: Food and beverage packaging.

Key family members: Kirsten, Finn and Jörn Rausing control the company since 1995.

2. Kamprad

IKEA's founder Ingvar Kamprad at the inauguration of the IKEA store in Haparanda in Northern Sweden. TT / SvD / Tomas Oneborg

Ingvar Kamprad conquered the world with Swedish minimalistic design, extremely low prices and a unique DIY approach to furniture. The iconic founder of IKEA – known for driving a two-decade old Volvo and flying coach – started with nothing back in 1943 and is now considered Sweden’s most successful entrepreneur of all time.

Read More: How IKEA’s 91-year old creator Ingvar Kamprad built the world’s largest furniture store

The 91-year-old also plays in his own league when Swedish business magazine Veckans Affärer ranks the country’s billionaires each year. His fortune of an estimated 655 billion Swedish crowns ($78 billion) makes him one of the world’s richest. Ingvar Kamprad's three sons have amassed $1 billion each through their ownership in Ikano Bank, an Ikea spinoff.

Main Holdings: IKEA (Inter IKEA owns the rights to the brand and the concept), Ikano Bank

Industry: Furniture

Key family members: Ingvar Kamprad’s sons Jonas, Mathias and Peter recently took over the family business.

1. Wallenberg

Jacob Wallenberg and Peter "Poker" Wallenberg. Henrik Montgomery/TT

Wallenberg is the quintessential Swedish business family that is almost synonymous with capital. The empire-building started in 1856, when André Oscar Wallenberg founded Stockholms Enskilda Bank. It later became SEB and evolved into a leading corporate bank in the Nordics.

The flourishing business created opportunities to acquire underperforming companies. The Wallenberg family has founded some companies, but mostly focused on developing existing businesses, and they are today active owners of some of Sweden’s largest companies.

Main Holdings: ABB, Astra Zeneca, Atlas Copco, Electrolux, SKF, EQT, Stora Enso and more companies.

Industries: Banking, engineering, private equity and more.

Key family members: Jacob, Marcus and Peter Wallenberg are representing the family’s fifth generation.

Sources: ’Sveriges mäktigaste familjer’ by Anders Ström and Veckans Affärer.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/this-finnish-startup-made-it-easy-to-extract-google-analytics-data---and-it-just-raised-3.5m-to-amp-up-growth-2017-11/A Finnish startup that saves marketers ‘millions of hours of boring work’ just accidentally raised €3.5M to conquer the worldIt all started with a blog post and a t-shirt, explains Mikael Thuneberg.

“I had a problem trying to move Google Analytics data into Excel and was trying to google the answer. I found a forum thread with Nick Mihailovski from Google saying If you get this working for everybody, I'll send free t-shirts and write a post on our GA blog highlighting it.”

Ad

“The guy he posted this to had made a tool for solving the problem, but neither Nick nor I could get it to work. So I develop my own thing instead - I got the t-shirt! And even better he blogged about my thing.”

And with that Supermetrics was born.

Here's the business idea, very simply put.

Supermetrics is a reporting automation tool that makes life easier for people working with metrics like PPC, SEO, social and web analytics. Supermetrics / Facebook

Saving "millions of hours" of boring work

Fast forward a few years and Thuneberg’s company has not only been crowned Finland’s most financially successful company, it’s also just closed a €3.5M funding round (it all started at Slush).

“We save marketers millions of hours of boring manual work from every year. This new funding gives us additional resources to accelerate technology and product innovation, and to expand quickly and strategically into new markets."

The funding – which will be used for product development and international expansion – comes from OpenOcean, a fund set up by MySQL veterans whose portfolio contains Finnish growth rockets like Nosto and MariaDB.

Open Ocean wants Supermetrics to become the go-to product for all data retrieval in the business analytics market,” Patrik Backman, Managing Partner, says, adding:

"Supermetrics is a simple-to-install, easy-to-use, and truly delicious product to help you effectively work with complicated data sets from many systems.”

They’re already well on their way.

Series A by accident

Kai Kuusisto, Slush Media

Last year the company reported a 151% year-over-year increase in annual revenues to €1.6 million, along with a 63% net profit margin, and currently have 150,000 users in more than 110 countries.

The software processes an annual online advertising spend of over $10 billion and boasts customers such as Warner Brothers, the BBC, Rovio and Dyson (to name but a few).

Seeing this success, and the fact that the "company has always been very profitable", Thubeberg says, it's not surprising that Supermetrics never shouted out for venture capital.

“Why give up control if you don't need the money?, Thuneberg says.

The capital injection would instead happen almost by chance, at tech conference Slush pitching competition 2016, when Thuneberg's CMO asked him to take part for purposes of "visibility and recruiting.”

“I've always thought these pitching competitions to be really silly, but decided to give it a go. It was actually quite fun!”, he adds. “I got to the semifinal, and later on several VCs who were judging the competition got in touch to see if they could invest in us.”

Open Ocean was one of them.

Supermetrics plans to use the investment to grow their team, expanding their marketing efforts, and invest further in their tech and - before long - open offices abroad.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/spotifys-growth-halts-and-now-it-could-reportedly-postpone-its-ipo-2017-11/Spotify will generate almost ‘$5 billion’ revenues this year - but it’s reportedly considering to postpone a public listingSpotify’s growth slowed in the third quarter, but still keeps outperforming Apple Music.





The Swedish streaming giant is projected to post $4,7 billion in turnover this year.





Spotify’s yearly revenue growth will reportedly stumble from 52% in 2016 to around 30% percent this year, in part due to discounts and family subscriptions that reduce revenue per user.





Now Spotify could be postponing its public flotation on NYSE, according to Swedish tech media.



In the run-up to Spotify's planned flotation on the New York Stock Exchange, Swedish tech site Di Digital has accessed a report sent to major owners that not only shows new growth KPI's - but also doesn't mention the public listing at all.

Citing the report, Di Digital says third quarter growth was slower than April-June. The tech site projects that Spotify’s revenues will grow from $3.3 billion last year to around $4,74 billion this year (SEK 40 billion).

That would mean a growth rate of around 30 percent, compared to 52 percent in 2016; Spotify's slowest-ever revenue growth rate on a year-to-year basis (though not entirely unusual for maturing companies).

Outgrowing Apple Music

The Swedish streaming giant is still more than double the size of Apple Music, which, as of September this year, had some 30 million subscribers to Spotify's 60 million.

Spotify's average monthly growth rate of 1,8 million users is also outperforming Apple, which grows by roughly a million per month, according to Sven Carlsson, a tech reporter who covers Spotify for Di Digital.

But there's also a catch to Spotify's breakneck growth: It has been largely subsidised by a family deal and discounts.

For instance, under "Spotify Family", five people living in the same household can share the same $30 subscription. Since each of them counts as a unique subscriber, Spotify can report high growth numbers - but it also means lower revenue per user.

Read More: With 60 million subscribers, Spotify is dominating Apple Music

A delayed public listing?

There’s been frequent reports about Spotify’s upcoming direct listing of shares on NYSE in the last quarter of this year or Q1 in 2018. Di Digital, citing its inside sources, says those plans could now be changing, as “the report sent to major owners doesn’t mention any plans for [going public].”

“This could mean that Spotify will postpone the listing further.”

In the run up to the public listing, Spotify, which was most recently valued at $16 billion according to Reuters, has recently shuffled its board by adding Cristina Stenbeck, the Chairman of Zalando's major owner Kinnevik; and Courtney Holt, a former Disney VP of Studios and Video.

Spotify’s CFO, Netflix veteran Barry McCarthy, currently has the largest leverage over the flotation process, according to Di Digital’s sources.

“The longer Spotify waits, the more expensive the flotation will become,” Carlsson notes.

The company’s Swedish founders, Daniel Ek and Martin Lorentzon, have reportedly no strong opinions as to “where or how” Spotify will be listed.

*SEK/USD exchange rates as of November 23, 2017.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/a-severed-arm-dredged-up-in-copenhagen-probably-belongs-to-dismembered-submarine-victim-kim-wall-police-say-2017-11/A severed arm dredged up in Copenhagen probably belongs to dismembered submarine victim Kim Wall, police sayPeter Madsen and Kim Wall together on his home-made submarine before she died. Reuters/Business Insider

Kim Wall died on board the UC3 Nautilus submarine this August. Ad

She had been profiling inventor Peter Madsen, who is accused of her murder.

Madsen dismembered Wall and threw her body parts into the sea.

Copenhagen police confirmed they found her arm this week.



A severed arm found underwater near Copenhagen probably belongs to the journalist Kim Wall, who was allegedly murdered by a Danish inventor in a horrific incident on board his home-made submarine.

Divers searching Køge Bay near Copenhagen found the dismembered limb — a left arm — wrapped in metal and tubing on Tuesday.

They said the limb is in a similar state to other parts of Wall's body which have been found after she died in August this year.

Wall's torso, and later her legs, were also wrapped in metal, apparently to ensure they would sink.

She was last seen alive on board the UC3 Nautilus, a privately-constructed submarine owned by Peter Madsen, a Danish inventor whom Wall was writing about.

Exactly how Wall died is at the centre of an ongoing trial in Copenhagen, where Madsen is accused of her murder. He is also charged with sexually assaulting her.

He claims that she died in an accident on board, though he has offered two different explanations for how.

Early in the trial he claimed she was killed when a heavy metal hatch fell on her, and more recently he said she died from carbon monoxide poisoning.

In the course of the trial, Madsen admitted that he did dismember Wall's body, then threw it overboard in what he described as a burial at sea.

Police divers are continuing to search the waters around Copenhagen in the hope of finding more evidence. So far they have her head, torso, legs, and one arm.

A police press release published on Wednesday said: "The arm found yesterday is the left arm. The arm was severed and was held down with strips and tube pieces, similar to what was found on the legs of the Kim Wall.

"The arm was found approx. 1 km from the place where the head and legs were found."

The next date in his trial is in March 2018, according to the Reuters news agency.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/the-10-most-important-things-in-the-world-right-now-november-23-2017-11/The 10 most important things in the world right nowHello! Here’s what’s happening on Thursday.

1. Zimbabwe's new leader Emmerson Mnangagwa made his first public statements after Robert Mugabe resigned. Zimbabwe's parliament said Mnangagwa would be sworn in as President on Friday.

Ad

2. North Korea said the US's decision to relist it as a state sponsor of terrorism is a "serious provocation". The designation allowed the US to impose greater sanctions.

3. UK's Chancellor Philip Hammond announced a new budget. Announcements included a railcard for millennials and the abolition of stamp duty for most first-time homebuyers.

4. Governments around the world are launching investigations into Uber. The investigations are looking into the company's cover up of a data breach affecting 57 million users.

5. Tesla has completed construction of the world's largest lithium ion battery. Elon Musk made a bet that he could build the 100-megawatt project in Australia in 100 days, or it was free.

6. Saad al Hariri un-resigned as President of Lebanon. Hariri resigned earlier this month, putting Lebanon at the forefront of the regional tussle between Saudi Arabia and Iran.

7. Facebook will allow users to see if they've interacted with Russian-linked accounts. Roughly 150 million Facebook users saw posts linked to the Russian propaganda organization Internet Research Agency.

8. Papa New Guinea police stormed a former Australian detention center housing asylum seekers and refugees. Australian officials left three weeks ago, but more than 400 men remain and are scared for their safety.

9. Palestinian rival factions Hamas and Fatah agreed to hold general elections by 2018. Hamas and Fatah signed a reconciliation deal in October after Hamas agreed to hand over administrative control of Gaza to Fatah.

10. Amazon Australia has just opened. The site soft launched to "a small number" of customers, with a full public launch expected next week.

And finally....

Here's stunning aerial footage of Apple's $5 billion "spaceship" campus that just opened.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/500-amazon-workers-in-europe-to-strike-on-black-friday-2017-11/More than 500 Amazon workers in Europe are going on strike this Black Fridaycaption Signs proclaim a previous strike by the ver.di union outside an Amazon facility in Germany in 2014. source Reuters

Workers in Italy and Germany plan to strike on Black Friday.

At least 500 from Piacenza, Italy, said they will walk out.

Amazon said it will do its best to fulfil orders without them.

More than 500 Amazon employees in Europe will go on strike on Black Friday in a bid to win higher pay from the retailer, according to trade unions.

Ad

Large numbers of employees in Germany and Italy will stay home for one of the busiest shopping days of the year in a bid to win concessions from their employer.

Workers at Amazon's main Italian distribution hub posted a statement saying that they would walk out after attempts to secure bonuses from management broke down.

They said at least 500 of the 1,600 staff in Piacenza, 45 miles south of Milan, would refuse to work on Black Friday, according to the Reuters news agency. They are also refusing to work overtime until the New Year.

At the same time, workers at six distribution centres in Germany are also due to strike as part of a long-running pay dispute.

The ver.di union is co-ordinating the walkout, and said its members deserve a bigger share of the profits Amazon makes from the holiday.

They did not specify how many workers were due to strike. Business Insider has contacted ver.di to ask for a figure.

According to Reuters, the strike will be the first ever for Italian Amazon workers, though those in Germany have taken action before.

In a statement to Reuters, Amazon in Italy said its focus would be trying to make sure that orders made on and around Black Friday arrive on time.

It added that its workers' salaries are already high, and they get other benefits including medical insurance and training.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/trump-media-thanksgiving-youre-fired-2017-11/Trump wishes the media a happy Thanksgiving, tells them: 'You're fired'source NBC

On Thanksgiving, President Donald Trump jokingly said to the media gathered at his Mar-a-Lago resort, "You're fired."

Trump was speaking to members of the military via teleconference.

President Donald Trump wished the media a Happy Thanksgiving on Thursday and then joked he was firing them.

Ad

While he was speaking to the military via teleconference on Thanksgiving, Trump noted how he was "surrounded by reporters and press" and wanted to ask them to leave so that he could have confidential conversations with overseas military members.

"I will say: 'You're fired,'" he said, recycling his catch phrase from his reality TV show "The Apprentice." "And, by the way, media: Happy Thanksgiving."

Trump is spending Thanksgiving at his Palm Beach, Florida resort, Mar-a-Lago. He reportedly went golfing on Wednesday and spoke to members of the military Thursday morning. He also visited a Coast Guard station and passed out sandwiches.

At the Coast Guard station, a reporter asked Trump what he was thankful for. She was immediately reprimanded by a member of the communications staff, according to a press pool report.

After talking to the military, Trump went to his Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/why-some-people-turn-red-drink-alcohol-2017-4/The disturbing reason some people turn red when they drink alcoholElon Musk wants people to live on Mars by 2030 — and this isolated Hawaiian base camp is the closest we've come to that vision yethttp://nordic.businessinsider.com/sophia-robot-citizen-thanksgiving-message-humanity-video-hanson-robotics-2017-11/Sophia, the world's first-ever robot citizen, has a message for humanity this ThanksgivingElon Musk wants people to live on Mars by 2030 — and this isolated Hawaiian base camp is the closest we've come to that vision yethttp://nordic.businessinsider.com/rovios-revenues-are-soaring-by-41--but-the-stock-gets-hammered-2017-11/Rovio’s revenues soar 41% – but the stock is getting hammeredRovio

Finnish gaming studio Rovio, known for the mobile-game ‘Angry Birds’, reports a 41 percent increase in revenue for the third quarter.





But the stock immediately plunges 20 percent as investors are scared about profits taking a beating.

Finland’s new ‘national stock’ Rovio had its worst day yet on Thursday. The company made an operating loss of 0.5 million euros before taxes during the third quarter, which sent the stock down 20 percent in the early morning trade in Helsinki.

Shares have now slipped below the initial IPO-price of 11.50 euros.

Ad

Rovio’s CEO Kati Levoranta says that the loss is a result of heavy investments as part of their “Games First growth strategy”. They invested a total of 22 million euros during the quarter and expect to cash in on the investments in eight to ten months.

“In line with our growth strategy, we significantly increased our investments in user acquisition, which predictably led to a decline in profitability,” says Kati Levoranta in a comment.

The more positive news for shareholders is that Rovio’s game business unit increased its revenues by 40 percent, boosted by improved monetization of top games.

Levoranta adds that they’ve seen promising indicators for their new game, Angry Birds Match, which launched in August.

Here are the key takeaways from the report:

Revenue increased by 41% to EUR 70.7 million (50.0)

Adjusted EBITDA was EUR 8.6 million (8.5).

EBITDA was EUR 6.1 million (8.5).

Operating profit was EUR 1.6 million (5.2).

Profit before taxes was EUR -0.5 million (4.6)

User acquisition investments totaled EUR 22.2 million (5.4), or 35% of the Games segment's revenue (11.9%).http://nordic.businessinsider.com/elon-musk-just-met-his-100-day-deadline-on-a-$50-million-bet-and-teslas-giant-battery-is-ready-to-roll-2017-11/Elon Musk just met his 100-day deadline on a $50 million bet and Tesla's giant battery is ready to rollElon Musk in Adelaide earlier this year discussing Tesla’s plan will build the world’s largest lithium ion battery for the South Australian government. Mark Brake/Getty Images

Elon Musk will get paid for building the world’s largest lithium ion battery in South Australia, with testing on the 100-megawatt project about to begin ahead of next week’s December 1 deadline to built it in 100 days, or it’s free.

State premier Jay Weatherill announced today that regulatory testing at the site, which is paired with French energy business Neoen’s Hornsdale wind farm, 230km north of the capital, Adelaide, will begin within days.

Ad

When fully charged, the Tesla Powerpack is expected to hold enough power for 8,000 homes for 24 hours, or more than 30,000 houses for an hour during a blackout.

The project is part of a $550 million plan by the state to guarantee energy supply following a statewide blackout last year that turned into a national political debate over energy security and costs. A 250MW gas-fired generator, expected to cost $360 million, is also due to come online this summer to provide extra power.

The battery is the result of a Twitter bet between the Tesla founder and Atlassian’s Mike Cannon-Brookes last March that he would supply the battery within 100 days or it was free. The clock began ticking when Musk visited Adelaide in September to sign off on the deal — although work was already underway on the plant after the government gave the contract to Musk in July.

Musk had said that if he failed to meet the deadline, it have have cost him “probably $50 million or more”.

The Tesla plant will be called upon during periods of “load shedding” — when excess demand would otherwise result in blackouts.

Weatherill said the battery was now completed and the testing will ensure it is optimised and meets energy market regulatory requirements.

“It sends the clearest message that South Australia will be a leader renewable energy with battery storage,” he said.

“An enormous amount of work has gone in to delivering this project in such a short time, and I look forward to visiting Jamestown next week to personally thank those who have worked on this project.”http://nordic.businessinsider.com/trump-wants-jared-kushner-and-ivanka-to-go-back-to-new-york-2017-11/Trump reportedly wants Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump to go back to New Yorkcaption Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner. source REUTERS/Jim Bourg

President Donald Trump wants Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to leave Washington, DC, and go back to New York, Vanity Fair reported.

The president is said to have become increasingly frustrated in recent months with political advice from Kushner, his son-in-law and senior adviser.

Kushner and Ivanka Trump are central figures in the Russia investigation, and Trump wants them to leave to avoid negative news coverage, according to the Vanity Fair report.

President Donald Trump wants his daughter Ivanka Trump and his son-in-law and senior adviser, Jared Kushner, to leave Washington, DC, and head back to New York, Vanity Fair reported on Tuesday.

Ad

The president reportedly advocates the move because he wants the couple to avoid negative news coverage.

"He keeps pressuring them to go," a source told Vanity Fair.

Kushner and Ivanka Trump are central figures in the special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation into Russia's interference in the 2016 election.

Mueller is reportedly investigating the president's role in crafting a misleading statement his son Donald Trump Jr. released after it emerged that he met with a Kremlin-connected lawyer at Trump Tower in June 2016. Mueller is also examining whether Trump attempted to obstruct justice by firing James Comey as FBI director in May.

Kushner attended the June 2016 meeting, and multiple news reports have said he strongly urged Trump to fire Comey.

Kushner was also with Trump in Bedminster, New Jersey, during a weekend in early May when Trump put together a draft letter laying out the reasons he wanted to fire Comey.

He never sent it - White House counsel Don McGahn had advised him against doing so - but he fired Comey days later, ultimately leading to Mueller's appointment as special counsel.

The Vanity Fair report also said that Trump was becoming frustrated with Kushner's political advice, including that Trump back Luther Strange in the runoff for the GOP nomination for a US Senate seat in Alabama.

Strange lost the nomination to Roy Moore, who is now in an increasingly competitive race against Democrat Doug Jones to fill the seat vacated by Attorney General Jeff Sessions.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/facebook-will-let-some-users-see-the-russian-pages-they-interacted-with-2017-11/Facebook will let some of its users see if they interacted with Russian propagandacaption Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg. source Drew Angerer/Getty Images

Some Facebook users will be able to see which Russia-linked pages they interacted with on the social network.

Facebook still won't tell users whether the propaganda they saw was a paid ad or a post in their News Feed.

Facebook on Wednesday said it would let some of its users see whether they liked or followed pages belonging to Russia-linked operatives that sought to sow political divisiveness around the 2016 US presidential election.

Ad

A new page to be published on Facebook's help center by the end of the year will show whether some accounts interacted with the Russia-linked accounts, Facebook said in a blog post.

"This is part of our ongoing effort to protect our platforms and the people who use them from bad actors who try to undermine our democracy," Facebook said.

Roughly 150 million Facebook users saw posts shared by pages belonging to the Russian propaganda organization known as the Internet Research Agency, Facebook previously told US investigators.

While Facebook will show some users the affiliated pages they liked or followed, the company maintains that technical and privacy reasons keep it from showing whether such propaganda was shown as a paid ad or as a post in the News Feed.

Facebook's move to disclose more about such activity on its platform to users follows Twitter's announced plan to create a public hub that allows anyone to see all ads running on its platform and how they are targeted. Facebook already announced plans to let users see who is behind ads run on its network, but Tuesday's announcement marks the first time the company committed to showing people non-paid posts affiliated with Russia.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/the-economic-cost-of-brexit-in-gdp-2017-11/£72 BILLION: The cost of Brexit is already turning Britain into a second-rung nationcaption Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond prepares his speech in his office in Downing Street ahead of the 2017 budget announcement. source (Photo by Christopher Furlong - WPA Pool/Getty Images)

Brexit will cost Britain £72 billion in lost economic activity annually, according to an analysis of government figures.

Leaving the EU is already dragging down the British economy.

The UK is now growing more slowly than Japan or Italy.

LONDON - Chancellor Philip Hammond's annual budget, presented yesterday, has finally given Britain the first concrete numbers on the cost of Brexit.

Ad

The government's Office for Budget Responsibility published revised GDP growth numbers based on data following the June 2016 referendum. Those new estimates suggest that Brexit will cost Britain £72 billion in lost annual economic activity by 2021, according to an analysis by the Resolution Foundation.

Previously, the best estimate of the economic damage leaving Europe will inflict on the UK came from a private estimate by one of Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union David Davis's advisors, of about £22 billion per year, mostly from extra trade tariffs and barriers.

Here are the new GDP charts from the OBR.

They show other major economies such as the US, the EU, and Canada all growing faster now than they were in the six months prior to the Brexit referendum in 2016. Only in the UK has growth slowed, as the pound lost value and investors hit the pause button. Even Japan, an infamous economic basket case hobbled by years of stagnation, is doing better than the UK:

source OBR

In terms of sequential GDP growth through Q3 2017, Britain now lags France and debt-ridden Italy, too. This chart comes from Pantheon Macroeconomics:

source Pantheon Macroeconomics

This next chart shows how much we are forecast to lose in GDP activity every year, based on the difference between the OBR's previous estimate in March and its new estimate, from updated post-referendum data:

source OBR

The Resolution Foundation says the gap will represent a loss of £72 billion in 2021:

"The economy is now expected to be roughly £42 billion smaller at the start of 2022 than was thought back in March. This downgrade comes on top of the deterioration pencilled in after the Brexit vote of June 2016. As such, the latest GDP projections point to an economy that will be £72 billion (or 3.4 percent) smaller in 2021 than had been projected in March 2016."

That's £72 billion in lost jobs, revenues, consumer spending, and so on.

There are other factors at play, of course. A big one is the UK's chronic lack of productivity, exacerbated by its refusal to allow in the young immigrant workers to generate the income tax receipts its ageing population needs to pay for the NHS and its state pensions.

But the OBR's downward revisions from March to November of this year all come in the post-Brexit-vote period, and the only thing of macroeconomic substance that changed between then and now was the realisation that the UK is headed toward hard Brexit rather than a trade deal that would keep the country closely tied to the single market.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/how-to-have-long-lasting-relationship-mark-manson-2017-11/The key to long-lasting relationships is more simple than you thinkRelated articles

Stop trying to have an exciting, exotic relationship. The key to a fulfilling relationship is more simple.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/trump-gop-tax-reform-bill-analysis-reviews-text-2017-11/The GOP tax plan got a triple whammy of brutal reviewscaption President Donald Trump and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. source Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images

Three new analyses of the Senate's Tax Cuts and Jobs Act all delivered bad news for Republican leaders.

The Tax Policy Center found that more than 50% of Americans would see a tax increase in 2027 under the bill.

Only one out of 42 economists surveyed by the University of Chicago's Booth School of Business said the bill would increase economic growth substantially.

The Penn-Wharton Budget Model found that the bill would blow a hole in the federal deficit.

While Congress is on a weeklong Thanksgiving break, the breakneck speed of the Republican push to overhaul the US tax code has taken a bill close to passing in the Senate.

Ad

The latest version of the chamber's Tax Cuts and Jobs Act passed the Senate Finance Committee last Thursday, and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has said he wants to bring the bill for a full Senate vote when lawmakers return from the recess.

But on Tuesday, Republicans were hit with something of a triple whammy: Three different groups offered critical analyses of the bill's potentially negative effects on the federal budget, Americans' taxes, and the broader US economy. While the Senate is still expected to make changes to the legislation, each of the new studies shows that the Senate's bill has some significant underlying problems.

Tax Policy Center says it would raise taxes on half of Americans

Perhaps the most damning of the new reports came from the Urban Institute and Brookings Institution's Tax Policy Center.

The nonpartisan group's analysis of the legislation found that while all income groups would get a tax cut from the bill in the short term and long term, many Americans would see their taxes increase. From the report:

In 2019: Americans, on average, would see their taxes cut by $1,300, an increase in take-home pay of 1.7%. Americans in the middle quintile of income earners - $50,000 to $87,000 a year - would get a tax cut of $850, on average, and receive 18.4% of the tax cuts' benefits. People in the top 1% of incomes, more than $750,000 a year, would see a cut of $34,130, on average, and receive 17.6% of the bill's total benefit.

Americans, on average, would see their taxes cut by $1,300, an increase in take-home pay of 1.7%. Americans in the middle quintile of income earners - $50,000 to $87,000 a year - would get a tax cut of $850, on average, and receive 18.4% of the tax cuts' benefits. People in the top 1% of incomes, more than $750,000 a year, would see a cut of $34,130, on average, and receive 17.6% of the bill's total benefit. In 2027: The bill's proposed sunset of the individual tax cuts, combined with other changes to the code, means benefits would be substantially less for the middle class. The average cut for all Americans would be just $300, and 50.3% of American households would actually see their taxes increase by this point. Those in the middle quintile of earners would see a tax cut of just $50, on average, and 65.6% of these people would see their taxes go up. People in the top 1% of income earners, however, would still get a tax cut of $32,510, on average, and would receive 61.8% of the total tax benefits from the plan. Just 16.8% of people in the top 1% would see a tax increase.

Economists do not think the bill will grow the economy

Trump and Republicans have argued that the cuts in the plan would stimulate economic growth and even help "pay for" its new spending. Most economists aren't buying the rosy projections.

But according to the IGM Forum survey of 42 academic economists by the University of Chicago's Booth School of Business, only one economist agreed that "US GDP will be substantially higher a decade from now" than under the current baseline. In fact, 52% disagreed or strongly disagreed that the bill would lead to significant economic growth, and 36% were uncertain.

And when asked whether the "US debt-to-GDP ratio will be substantially higher" in 10 years under the bill compared with current law, 88% of the economists agreed or strongly agreed, 2% were uncertain, and the rest abstained.

Penn-Wharton budget model says the bill would blow a hole in the deficit

The final rough analysis for the legislation came from a new report from the University of Pennsylvania, using its Penn-Wharton Budget Model to assess the budgetary effects of the bill.

While Trump administration officials say the legislation would pay for itself, some Senate Republicans have been hesitant to support the bill over concerns that it would cause a massive increase in the federal debt.

The Penn model found that the bill would increase the federal deficit by $1.327 trillion over the first 10 years after it becomes law (not including debt-service costs). Even when factoring in the economic boost from the tax cuts, according to the report, the bill would still add $1.271 trillion in debt.

Either way, the model concludes that much like the House version of the bill, the Senate bill would not come close to paying for itself.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/marine-explains-how-intermittent-fasting-shape-abs-2017-6/A Marine explains how intermittent fasting helped him 'see his abs'Related articles

US Marine and Fortune 500 CEO coach Andrew Wittman explains how he used intermittent fasting to get a lot more toned and finally see his abs.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/apple-park-drone-flyover-video-2017-11/Apple's jaw-dropping 'spaceship' campus is open — take a look from aboveIt's been a long few years, but Apple's $5 billion campus, with its famous "spaceship" building, is finally finished - mostly.

Earlier this month, Apple started inviting people to the new visitor center at Apple Park, the building's only space open to the public, which serves coffee and sells exclusive Apple swag. Employees started moving into the new campus earlier this year, and the pace is expected to pick up in the coming months.

The campus certainly looks finished. Thousands of trees have been planted, paths have been paved, and the building's roof has been covered in solar panels. There's only a bit of landscaping work still going on near the campus gym.

Matthew Roberts, who has been diligently flying a drone over Apple Park for over a year to photograph it, has delivered the best look at the campus's finishing touches from the skies.

Take a look:

Here's Apple Park and the distinctive, circular "spaceship" building, situated in Cupertino, California.

This is a grand entrance to a big gathering area and cafe. Apple's rolled out the "green carpet" of grass.

Security checkpoints are already in use around the campus.

Part of the idea behind the building was to blur the lines between the indoors and the outdoors.

The interior of the "spaceship" has had groves of fruit trees planted.

And the central fountain is finally complete.

Apple Park has one of the biggest solar roofs in the world. Solar power at Apple Park will produce 17 megawatts of power, which will power 75% of the campus.

Here's the visitor's center that opened earlier this month. This is the only part of the campus open to the public. That roof deck looks nice.

Here's the remaining landscaping that needs to be done around the campus fitness center.

Apple Park is a landmark for sure.

Check out the entire video:http://nordic.businessinsider.com/the-10-most-important-things-in-the-world-right-now-november-22-2017-11/The 10 most important things in the world right nowHello! Here's what's happening on Wednesday.

1. Robert Mugabe has resigned as President of Zimbabwe after 37 years. Last week, Mugabe was put under house arrest in what amounted to a coup ending his authoritarian rule.

Ad

2. The UN Command said North Korea violated the 1953 armistice by chasing a defector across the border. A video of the incident shows a North Korean border guard appear to step over the line separating North and South Korea.

3. UK Prime Minister Theresa May's cabinet agreed to pay a £40 billion Brexit divorce bill. May won the backing of pro-Brexit ministers as it became evident a bigger divorce bill was needed to break deadlocked negotiations with the EU.

4. The US imposed sanctions against North Korea that also target Chinese companies. Sanctions included blacklisting three Chinese companies that have done more than $750 million in combined trade with North Korea.

5. Uber paid hackers $100,000 to cover up a leak 57 million users' personal details. The names, emails, and phone numbers of 50 million riders and personal information of 7 million drivers were stolen.

6. ISIS has been militarily defeated in Iraq and Syria. ISIS still maintains territories in as many as a dozen countries around the world but has the group has been mostly eradicated in Iraq and Syria.

7. Russia is preparing to pull out of Syria after securing a political future for Syria's President. Bashar Assad is accused of war crimes with Russian assistance.

8. Saad al Hariri returns to Lebanon for first time since he resigned as the country's president. Hariri's sudden resignation earlier this month thrust Lebanon into a regional conflict between Saudi Arabia, Iran, and Iran-backed Lebanese militant group Hezbollah.

9. Sweden has stopped most new aid to Cambodia after its Supreme Court outlawed the main opposition party. Last week, he US said it would cut aid to the country, and the EU raised the possibility of changing trade arrangements.

10. Cisco is teaming up with Interpol to share data on cyber criminals. Cisco's announcement comes just one day after Amazon Web Service announced an intelligence-sharing cloud service for the CIA.

And finally....

The 25 places you need to visit in 2018, according to the world's top travel experts.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/the-20-best-smartphones-in-the-world-2017-11/The 20 best smartphones in the worldsource Antonio Villas-Boas/Business Insider

The gap between good and great smartphones is getting smaller and smaller, and ranking smartphones is becoming harder and harder.

There's a lot to consider here, such as specs, features, design, and price. Thankfully, most of these smartphones come with more than enough power, great designs, and tons of features.

The biggest thing to watch out for in the next month is price. Phones like the OnePlus 5T and Essential Phone cost as little as $500, and there isn't a huge difference between them and the $800-plus phones on this list. Prices of big-name smartphones are increasing, but the moderately priced premium Android phone is clearly making a comeback, and it's better than ever.

Check out the top 20 smartphones you can buy.

20. BlackBerry Classic

source BlackBerry

If you're still a BlackBerry fan, you'll love the Classic. It looks like older BlackBerry models but features a sharp touchscreen and an excellent physical keyboard.

Price: $240

19. Sony XZ Premium

source Jeff Dunn/Business Insider

Jeff Dunn, my former colleague, reviewed this phone for Business Insider, and he summed it up perfectly:

On the one hand, "this is a good phone," he wrote."The screen is great, the software is clean, and the whole thing is superfast."

But on the other, "with its underwhelming battery and slippery, sometimes uncomfortable design, it's not the device that should reverse Sony's fortunes."

Previously priced at $800, the XZ Premium is now available for less than $600 on Amazon, which makes it easier to live with its shortcomings.

Price: $570

Read the Sony XZ Premium review »

18. BlackBerry KeyOne

source Jeff Dunn/Business Insider

The KeyOne is BlackBerry's successor to the Priv. Both run Android and feature physical keyboards. But while the Priv's keyboard slid out from behind its screen, the KeyOne's is permanently located just below its display.

The KeyOne is a great device for those who want a physical keyboard and access to Google's apps and services, which aren't available on other BlackBerry devices.

Price: $500

Read the BlackBerry KeyOne review »

17. Motorola Moto G5 Plus

source Business Insider/Jeff Dunn

The Moto G5 Plus continues to be our favorite budget-friendly Android smartphone. It demonstrates that "good-but-not-great hardware can become strong value at the right price," as Dunn said in his review.

With the G5 Plus, you get a 5.2-inch 1080p screen, a fingerprint scanner, great battery life, a 12-megapixel camera that beats those of other phones in its price range, a nearly pristine version of Android, and a sleek design. All for a mere $230.

It doesn't have as many features as premium phones. For example, it doesn't have an NFC antenna, so it can't be used for mobile payments. And to charge the G5 Plus, you'll have to use a microUSB cable - it doesn't support USB-C, the newer, faster phone-charging standard.

Price: $230

Read the Moto G5 Plus review »

16. Motorola Moto G5S Plus

source Motorola/Lenovo

The Moto G5S Plus is an upgrade from the G5 Plus.

The newer phone features an all-metal design, whereas the previous one has a half-metal, half-plastic case. And the new phone has a bigger screen - a 5.5-inch display versus 5.2-inch one.

But one of the biggest improvements is in the camera. The G5S Plus has a 13-megapixel dual-lens camera system.

Price: $280

15. Motorola Moto Z2 Force

source Motorola/Lenovo

The new Moto Z2 Force comes with everything you'd expect from a premium smartphone. As Dunn noted in his review, it's "very fast, its screen looks good, its cameras are capable of taking nice photos, and it has a razor-thin frame." And its 5.5-inch Amoled display is more resistant to cracking than most other smartphones' screens.

However, the Z2 Force is a little too reliant on Motorola's Mods - the company's line of snap-on accessories, including external speakers and bigger batteries, designed for its Z-series phones. Without such Mods, the Z2 Force doesn't feel like a complete-enough device to push it higher on this list.

Price: $720

Check out the Moto Z2 Force review »

14. Apple iPhone SE/6s/6s Plus

source Apple

I grouped all these together, because they're all two years old, have similar specs, and are still available from Apple. They're also still amazing smartphones. Apple recently released iOS 11, the latest version of its mobile operating system, and my iPhone 6s Plus still runs great with it.

The SE, 6s, and 6s Plus all feature great cameras and Apple's Touch ID fingerprint sensor, which allows you to quickly unlock your phone. Another bonus: These are the last iPhones that still have headphone jacks.

These phones are even better if you buy them refurbished at a deep discount from Apple.

Price: iPhone SE $350

Price: iPhone 6s $450

Price: iPhone 6s Plus $550

Read the iPhone SE review »

Read the iPhone 6s review »

13. HTC U11

source Jeff Dunn/Business Insider

The U11 has an excellent camera, an eye-catching reflective back, and speedy performance. And it has a fun feature that allows you to squeeze its edges to open any app you want, including Google Assistant.

In most respects, it's a great Android smartphone. But it has two notable shortcomings - it lacks a headphone jack and the borders around its display are relatively large, something that now looks "old-fashioned" in terms of design.

Price: $650

Read the HTC U11 review »

12. LG G6

source Antonio Villas-Boas/Business Insider

The G6 is LG's best smartphone, and it's truly great. With it, LG is finally offering a phone with a premium design and water resistance - features that put the G6 in the same league as Samsung and Apple's flagship devices.

The G6 has a good dual-lens camera. It also has a slightly longer than average screen that's great for viewing and using apps, because it shows more of them than a standard display.

But the G6 has one notable downside - an older processor. Its Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 chip was superseded by the Snapdragon 835 just two months after the G6 launched. Unlike the G6, Samsung's Galaxy S8, one of its chief rivals, has the newer chip.

While the Snapdragon 821 is still a great processor, its likely to become obsolete sooner than its successor, and the G6 is likely to start seeming slower sooner than the Galaxy S8.

Price: $545

Read the LG G6 review »

11. Essential Phone

source Antonio Villas-Boas/Business Insider

The Essential Phone is a gorgeous device. It has a mostly edge-to-edge display and a case made of ultra-premium materials - ceramic on the back and titanium on the sides. It also runs a near-stock version of Android, which I prefer over the heavily modified versions that Samsung and LG phones tend to use.

Overall, the Phone is a great first effort from Essential. It's a speedy performer, and it takes great photos, too. It has two magnetic pins on its back that serve as a connection point for peripherals including a 360-degree camera and a wireless charging dock.

Essential recently dropped the price of the Phone from $700 to $500. That's a great deal for a great phone.

Price: $500

Read the Essential Phone review »

10. Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+

source Business Insider

The Galaxy S8 and S8+ are among the best looking smartphone out right now. It's better looking than Apple's iPhone 8, and it's sleeker than Samsung's Note 8.

With the S8 and S8+, Samsung took the curved glass design it used with the S7 and refined it. Meanwhile, the ultra-narrow borders around the S8's screen make it the new standard for premium smartphone design.

In addition to their good looks, the Galaxy S8 phones are also full of great features. They're water resistant. They have taller-than-average screens that allow you to see more of your apps or web pages. They supports both fast and wireless charging, and face and iris recognition. They have one of the best cameras, and unlike Apple Pay or Android Pay, Samsung Pay wireless payments service work on pretty much every credit card reader. The home button is also hidden beneath the display, so it's familiar to use compared to new phones that have ditched the home button entirely.

With all those attributes, you're likely wondering why the S8 phones didn't make the top of this list. Here's why: I'm not a fan of TouchWiz, Samsung's software interface that runs on top of Android. I prefer the clean look and features of stock Android.

But it's more than a simple personal preference. Modifications like TouchWiz almost always prevent the phones running them from installing the latest Android updates when they're released. And that's the case here.

The S8 phones do rely on TouchWiz for face and iris recognition capabilities. But those features don't make up for their likely inability to install timely Android updates.

Price: Galaxy S8 $638

Price: Galaxy S8+ $704

Read the Samsung Galaxy S8 review »

9. Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus

source Hollis Johnson/Business Insider

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are now a year old, but at their new $550 and $670 price tags, they easily beats the Galaxy S8 phones.

Apple phones generally offer better apps and a better owner experience than their Android rivals, and the iPhone 7 is no different. The support you get from Apple if something goes wrong is much better than what you get from Android device makers. And unlike on most Android phones, with iPhones you can always get the latest software updates straight from Apple as soon as it releases them.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus offer some compelling features, including a water-resistant case, a great camera that performs well in low light, and a powerful processor. It also works really well with other Apple products, including the company's wireless AirPods headphones.

The iPhone 7 Plus' dual-lens camera systems is the key feature. It allows you to take pictures with a professional-looking "bokeh" effect, which blurs the background behind the photo's subject. The second camera in its system is a telephoto lens that offers a 2x optical zoom. Unlike the digital zoom feature found in other cameras, an optical zoom allows you to enlarge an image of your subject without sacrificing picture quality.

Price: $550

Price: $670

Check out the iPhone 7 review »

8. Razer Phone

source Razer/Amazon

The Razer Phone is marketed as a "gaming" phone, mostly because of its unique display that plays games incredibly smoothly. Indeed, the Razer Phone's display can achieve up to 120 frames per second (fps), whereas most phones only go up to 60 fps. Having twice the fps makes for super-smooth gameplay.

But high fps isn't just for gamers. The Android operating system running on the Razer Phone, as well as apps, gets the high fps treatment, too, and it works beautifully. Everything you do on the phone is ultra-smooth in a way that we've never seen before on a smartphone. In fact, Razer may have inadvertently set a new standard for how all phone displays should work moving forward, not just gaming phones.

It also has an eye-catching industrial design compared to most sleek and svelte Android phones. The large bezels above and below the Razer Phone's display may not appeal to everyone, especially since most phones in 2017 have switched over to bezel-less designs. However, hiding beneath those massive bezels are the loudest and best smartphone speakers we've heard on any smartphone.

Price: $700

7. Samsung Galaxy Note 8

source Sarah Jacobs/Business Insider

With its gorgeous design, the ultra-thin borders around its screen, its beautiful display, fast performance, dual-lens camera system, and fancy stylus-based features, the Note 8 takes the best attributes of Samsung's Galaxy S and Note smartphone lines and smashes them together into a phone that's hard to beat.

Price: $920

Check out the Galaxy Note 8 review »

6. OnePlus 5T

source Antonio Villas-Boas/Business Insider

If you're not looking to spend $850 or more on a large-screened phone, the OnePlus 5T is the Android phone to get. It's truly a fantastic phone that's only made better by its incredible $500 starting price.

It also comes with more RAM than any other smartphone we've tried, which guarantees top performance. On top of that, its camera is great and comes with a portrait mode that competes with the iPhone X and Pixel 2 phones. And, my personal favorite feature, it runs a near-stock version of Android.

Price: $500

Check out the OnePlus 5T review »

5. Google Pixel 2

source Google

The Pixel 2 might not be the most beautiful Android phone you can buy, but its secret weapon is its pure Android experience.

The device runs the latest version of the operating system. Because it's unadulterated, that version looks and runs better than any of the tweaked takes on Android other phone makers include with their devices.

Better yet, because the Pixel 2's Android is unmodified, you'll be able to install the latest updates to the operating system as soon as Google rolls them out. That's not something you can usually do with other Android phones. It's something I feel is important because who doesn't want the latest software from the top software company in the world?

But the Pixel 2 has other features that help put it ahead of other Android devices, including its amazingly good camera, excellent performance, and great battery life. It's like a less attractive but smarter Samsung Galaxy phone.

The Pixel 2 is also water resistant, unlike its predecessor, the original Pixel. But while we rated that device higher than last year's iPhone 7, the new device doesn't out rate the new iPhone 8. While the iPhone 8 supports wireless charging and ships with a set of headphones, the Pixel 2 offers neither.

Price: $650

Check out the Pixel 2 review »

4. Google Pixel 2 XL

source Google

The Pixel 2 XL has nearly the same components and features that make the Pixel 2 great, but it comes in a bigger package with a larger display and an updated, fresher-looking design. The Pixel 2 XL isn't the best looking Android phone, but with the narrow borders around its screen, it looks sleeker and more refined than its smaller sibling or its predecessors from last year.

And the unadulterated Android experience it offers is unbeatable.

You should note, though, that users and reviewers have reported encountering several different problems with the Pixel 2 XL, mostly with its screen. I haven't experienced any of the reported problems while testing my review unit, so I'm not factoring them into the phone's ranking.

Users were also complaining that colors on the Pixel 2 XL's display weren't as vibrant as other top Android phones. Google has recently issued an update that makes colors more vibrant.

Price: $850

Check out the Pixel 2 XL review »

3. Apple iPhone 8

source Hollis Johnson/Business Insider

Google's original Pixel phones topped last year's iPhone 7. But now that the iPhones are here, Apple is back on top.

The iPhone 8 comes with a refined glass and metal case, a superb camera, and incredible performance. With it, Apple is finally supporting both wireless and fast charging - features that Android phones have long offered but had been missing from previous iPhones.

What pushes the iPhone 8 ahead of the Android pack is its iOS operating system and the broader Apple ecosystem. You can get the latest updates straight from Apple as soon as they're released, iOS apps are generally better designed than their Android counterparts, and if something goes wrong with your phone, you can get help at one of the hundreds of Apple stores.

Price: $700

Check out the iPhone 8 review »

2. Apple iPhone 8 Plus

source Hollis Johnson/Business Insider

The iPhone 8 Plus includes all the best things about the iPhone 8. But it adds to those a bigger, better screen and a dual-lens camera system that features a telephoto lens and the ability to take shots similar to those you could capture with a professional camera.

Price: $800

Check out the iPhone 8 review »

1. iPhone X

source Hollis Johnson/Business Insider

It's undeniable. The iPhone X offers the best of the iPhone and Apple ecosystem along with the best design in a smartphone we've ever seen.

With its outrageously beautiful OLED display that takes up most of the front of the phone, wireless charging, and fast charging, the iPhone X has brought Apple's iPhones up to speed with top-of-the-line Android hardware. Indeed, Android owners always enjoyed the latest smartphone hardware features until now.

It'll cost you $1,000 minimum, but that's the price of near perfection in a smartphone.

Price: $1,000

Check out the iPhone X review »http://nordic.businessinsider.com/lamborghini-huracan-spyder-review-pictures-details-2017-11/We drove a $314,000 Lamborghini Huracan Spyder — here's what impressed us most about the supercarsource Benjamin Zhang/Business Insider

The Lamborghini Huracan Spyder starts at around $262,000, but our option heavy test car cost nearly $314,000.

The Huracan Spyder is the drop-top variant of Lamborghini's hot-selling entry-level supercar.

Our Huracan test car delivered Lamborghini performance with an extra dose of sunshine.

Before it's all said and done, the Huracan will be the best selling Lamborghini supercar of all time.

Ad

In just three years, Lamborghini has sold more than 9,000 Huracans worldwide. It took Lamborghini a decade to sell 14,000 Gallardos, the current record holder.

And it's not hard to see why it's so popular with the brand's customers.

The Huracan is fast and agile with smoldering good looks and an intoxicating exhaust note. In 2015, Lambo's entry-level offering was a runner-up for our Car of the Year Award that year.

But what happens when you chop the top off the Huracan? Did the lack soft-top muzzle the Huracan's sparkling personality or spoil its stylish silhouette?

To find out, we spent a week with a Balloon White Huracan Spyder.

The Facts

source Matthew DeBord/BI

The Lamborghini Huracan Spyder is powered by 5.2-liter, naturally aspirated V10 producing 602 horsepower. The Lambo gets all that power to the road through a seven-speed twin-clutch gearbox and an advanced all-wheel-drive system.

The Huracan is also available in rear-wheel-drive. However, that version gets a detuned 572 horsepower version of the same engine.

According to Lamborghini, the all-wheel-drive Huracan can hit 62 mph in a blistering 3.4 seconds and reach a top speed of 201 mph.

The Huracan Spyder starts at a shade over $262,000 with our option laden test car coming out to nearly $314,000.

Raising the roof

source Matthew DeBord/BI

Like its corporate cousin, the Audi R8 Spyder, the Huracan gets a tough canvas roof instead of a folding metal affair popular among high-priced drop tops these days. The top is available in three colors; black, brown, and red. Our test car came with the red top.

The electro-hydraulic roof can be raised and lowered in just 17 seconds at speeds up to 31 mph.

As with any convertible, the minute the roof is lopped off, chassis rigidity is compromised. Even with heavy-duty chassis reinforcements to make up for the missing roof, performance is lacking when compared to the coupe counterpart. The question is whether or not Lamborghini has done enough to overcome that. Well, I can honestly say, yes.

The carbon fiber and aluminum-intensive chassis feels rock solid. Lamborghini claims the Huracan Spyder's chassis is 40% stiffer than its predecessor, the Gallardo Spyder. Scuttle shake was nowhere to be found. Even on New Jersey's notoriously pot hole heavy roads.

("Scuttle shake" is annoying vibrations commonly exhibited by cars with lower chassis rigidity that experience too much flex.)

The experience

source Benjamin Zhang/Business Insider

On the road, the Huracan Spyder is superb. The heart of this beast is the naturally aspirated V10, shared with the Audi R8. As loud and enthusiastic as the motor is in the Audi, in the Lambo its dialed up to 11. There's an added level of raw power and emotion that simply doesn't exist in the Audi.

Best of all, there are no turbochargers around to disturb the velvety smooth power delivery of the V10 nor are they present to muffle the sweet music of the ten-cylinder symphony.

The twin-clutch gearbox pairs well with the broad powerband of the engine like the dry red and juicy steak.

Around the corners, the Huracan Spyder remains well behaved and composed even when pushed to its limits. The all-wheel-drive Lambo is so docile that my colleague Matt DeBord felt that this raging bull was simply not angry enough.

However, anyone looking to spend time sideways in a Lamborghini should take a look at the less powerful, but wilder rear-wheel-drive Huracan.

Retract the top and the Huracan Spyder takes it to a whole another level. With the air whizzing past you, the rumble of the V10 resonating behind your hear, and a kiss of sunshine on your forehead Lamborghini motoring en plein air is something to be experienced.

The verdict

source Matthew DeBord/BI

Overall, I cherished my time with the Lamborghini Huracan Spyder. While the Audi R8 V10 Spyder is more grand tourer in a supercar body, the Huracan Spyder is a supercar in a supercar body.

In most instances, it's user-friendly and rather comfortable.

But don't let its politeness lull you into complacency. Underneath Lamborghini's Audi-sourced civility lurks a raging beast ready to be unleashed. If you ever find yourself on a winding stretch of road with liberal speed limits, the Huracan will gladly show you what it's all about.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/study-trump-news-media-bias-negative-stories-2017-10/This is how different media outlets covered Trump's first 100 days in officecaption Donald Trump. source Martin H. Simon - Pool/Getty Images

A study released last month found that news coverage of President Donald Trump's first months in office differed significantly among outlets with right- and left-leaning audiences.

It also found that early news coverage of the Trump administration was much more negative than that of other modern presidencies.

A Pew Research Center study released last month found that news coverage of President Donald Trump's first months was significantly different among outlets with right-leaning audiences and those with left-leaning or ideologically diverse audiences.

Ad

Overall, Trump's early media coverage was much more negative than early coverage of other modern presidencies.

While Trump constantly admonishes the press, calling it "fake news" and "the enemy of the American people," and attacks individual reporters, some of his aides, including top counselor Kellyanne Conway, have focused their complaints on the preponderance of negative stories about the administration. Conway says the media provides "incomplete coverage" of Trump, failing to report on the more positive stories and choosing political over policy coverage.

"I think we need a full and free press in our nation, of course," Conway said at conference last month. "But with that freedom comes responsibility. So my grievance is never about fake news. I talk about incomplete coverage."

The Pew study found that while news outlets - regardless of the political leanings of their audiences - largely reported on the same issues, and similarly focused on character and leadership rather than policy, during the first months of the Trump administration, they included different types of sources and assessed the president differently.

Overall, news stories concerning Trump's first 100 days were four times more likely to provide a negative assessment than a positive one, making his coverage far more negative than that of his predecessors.

Just 5% of media coverage of Trump's first 60 days was positive, compared to 42% of President Barack Obama's coverage, 22% of President George W. Bush's coverage, and 27% of stories about President Bill Clinton.

source Pew Research Center

source Screenshot/Pew

Pew also found discrepancies between outlets with right-leaning audiences versus those with left-leaning or ideologically diverse audiences. Those with more conservative readers and viewers were less likely to cite multiple types of sources, included more positive and fewer negative assessments of Trump, and their reporters were less likely to challenge an assertion made by the president or the administration.

The vast majority of stories from other outlets cited multiple source types, including experts, administration officials, and lawmakers, and were double as likely to include comments from both Democratic and Republican members of Congress.

source Pew Research Center

The study assessed more than 3,000 television, radio, and web stories from 24 outlets over the course of Trump's first 100 days in office.

A full list of outlets included in the study can be found here.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/former-boxer-james-toney-says-he-wished-he-had-punched-donald-trump-when-he-had-the-chance-2017-11/A former world champion boxer once promoted by Donald Trump says he wished he punched him when he had the chancecaption James Toney (centre) with boxing promoters Don King (left) and Dan Goossen (right). source Getty Images

A former world champion boxer regrets not punching US president Donald Trump when he had the chance in the 1990s.

American fighter James Toney fought three times at the Trump Taj Mahal in Atlantic City and had a run-in with Trump when the president called him "Whatshisname."

Toney also says Trump is a "racist" because of the way activist and former NFL star Colin Kaepernick has been treated.

A former world champion boxer says he regrets not punching US president Donald Trump when he had the chance.

Ad

A decorated prizefighter, American boxer James Toney has notable victories over devastating puncher Michael Nunn, heavy hitter Mike McCallum, and former Olympic gold medalist Vassiliy Jirov.

But before Toney became a remowned fighter around the world, he was once on a show promoted by Donald Trump.

Speaking to Donald McRae in The Guardian, Toney recalled an incident when he was competing on the same event as headlining boxer Roy Jones Jr.

Toney took on Doug DeWitt, but before their super middleweight fight in 1992 at the Trump Taj Mahal in Atlantic City, Trump called Toney "Whatsisname." The 49-year-old regrets not punching "him in the face."

He said: "Remember when he was a promoter and he had me and Roy [Jones] on the same bill in Atlantic City. I should've punched him in the face but my mom… stopped me."

"Trump pointed to me and was saying: 'Call Whatsisname over here.' I'm thinking: 'Whatsisname? I'm your headline attraction and you can't say my name?' I said to Trump: 'I'm going to bust your head open, mother f*****.'"

Toney says he was "pulled away," but regrets not "knocking his head off and saving the world lots of trouble."

caption Trump was a boxing promoter in the 1990s and is still seen ringside at modern-day fights. source Getty Images

He also said that the treatment of former San Francisco 49ers quaterback Colin Kaepernick shows that Trump is "a racist."

Kaepernick protested police brutality against black Americans by bending a knee rather than standing for the pre-game US national anthem.

Kaepernick opted out of his 49ers contract in March 2017. He is currently a free agent and has not been signed by any NFL side.

Trump has been a vocal opponent of the take-a-knee movement and posted a series of tweets in September.

In an apparent reference to Kaepernick, Trump said that if a player protests the national anthem then club owners should "Get that son of a b**** off the field."

The Atlantic said Trump's war of words focused on "black athletes" like Kaepernick. The New Yorker also wrote an article about the "racial demagoguery of Trump's assault on Kaepernick."

Toney said: "[Trump is] the president but he's a racist. That's why Colin Kaepernick hasn't got a job. Pure racism from Trump down."http://nordic.businessinsider.com/deloitte-fast-50-sweden-2017-11/The 25 fastest-growing companies in Sweden right nowJonas Tellander, the founder and CEO of Storytel. Storytel press

Deloitte Fast 50 ranks the fastest-growing companies in the world every year. This year's Swedish list is populated by more publicly listed companies than ever before; 24 percent versus 18 percent last year.

"The activity on the Swedish stock exchange has been extremely good this year – especially for tech companies – and this is reflected on the list," notes Deloitte.

Ad

This year's indisputable winner is Fingerprint Cards, a company that supplies biometrics technology to smartphone makers. However, Fingerprint's strong growth has also made it into Sweden's most controversial stocks, which has plummeted some 73% this year after disappointing quarterly reports.

Fingerprint Cards

Most companies in the top 25 are new entrants to the Fast 50 list. But some companies, like iZettle – winner in 2015 with 30,000% growth –and Heliospectra keep posting incredible growth figures.

Have a look at some of Sweden's hottest companies right now.





The Deloitte Fast 50, which was first founded in 1995 in San Jose and has since spread to more than 20 countries, measures a company's revenue growth over a four-year period. It does not measure a company's profitability or fiancial health.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/a-swedish-company-has-made-the-air-pollution-mask-into-a-fashion-item--and-its-taking-over-asia-2017-11/A Swedish startup has turned the air pollution mask into a fashion item – and it’s taking over AsiaAirinum is on a mission to fight air pollution with pure Scandinavian fashion.

As with most startups, Airinum's founding spark came after a painful encounter with the problem; co-founder Alexander Hjertström had his childhood asthma return while studying in India.

Ad

“Alexander realized that it was due to the polluted air, and that became the first step to what now is Airinum,” says Fredrik Kempe, CMO and co-founder.

After returning from Asia – and realizing that most people can't breathe clean Scandinavian air – Hjertström teamed up with his friends and designed a mask that would confine the old construction worker type masks into oblivion – at least among younger age groups.

The Urban Air Mask costs $85 and contains "cutting-edge multi-layer filter technology". It's also designed to fit any type of face with a face-fitting system in 4 sizes, a 3D memory nose and adjustable nose clip Airinum

Helping people breathe cleaner air

Beyond creating fashionable air pollution masks, Airinum says its vision is to create a movement against an increasingly acute problem in the world's cities.

"Our world's biggest indirect health risk is polluted air, killing more than 7 million people per year according to the WHO," Kempe says.

Although his company is headquartered in Stockhom's main co-working space, SUP46, Kempe's big expansion focus lies east. "This year, we expect to ship some 40,000 masks mostly in Asia."

Have a look at some of the company’s story and products here. (all photo credits: Airinum)

Airinum co-founder Mattias Wiklund is considered one of Sweden’s most promising patternmakers, having designed menswear for H&M. Another co-founder, Kemal Alidzikovic, has worked with Swedish brands such as Acne and Haglofs.

With its pitch for “An urban breathing mask for the 21st century”, Airinum shot to fame with a viral Kickstarter campaign in 2015. The $75k round was Sweden’s most successful crowdfunding campaign in the fashion category.

Airinum recently made a big launch in Vietnam: “Through local influencers and activation events at the top stores, we build awareness and sales from day 1," Kempe explains.

This limited-edition mask was inspired by the Swedish military. One 'M90' mask ships for $95.

Even though its selling like hot cakes, Airinum also has a bigger purpose with its product – to "create a movement for change toward a better and more sustainable planet."

Right now, Airinum sells online in more than 60 countries, and works with distribution partners in key Asian markets.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/volvo-just-received-a-potentially-historic-order-for-24000-self-driving-cars--and-it-could-open-up-a-gigantic-new-market-2017-11/Volvo and Uber have struck a deal for 24,000 self-driving cars – and it could prove historic for bothAd

Ad

Uber has made an initial order for a self-driving Volvo XC90 - times 24,000. Volvo Cars / Press

Uber and Volvo have reached a non-binding agreement whereby the Swedish carmaker will supply 24,000 self-driving cars to Uber.





Uber’s prospective purchase would mark the biggest sale in the autonomous industry to date. The deliveries of Volvo's purpose-built XC90’s are planned for 2019-2021.





Volvo’s and Uber’s longstanding partnership is an example of automakers and car-service tech firms teaming up to advance self-driving technology to open up what is expected to be a multi-billion-dollar business.

Uber has reached a non-binding deal with Volvo Cars to supply it with tens of thousands of self-driving vehicles by 2021, the two companies announced today.

“We believe this is a new segment, a new business,” said Hakan Samuelsson, the Chief Executive of Volvo Cars, which is owned by Chinese carmaker Geely. Jeff Miller, Uber’s head of auto alliances, said the agreement “puts us on a path towards mass produced self-driving vehicles at scale.”

The non-binding deal’s estimated worth is around $1,4 billion and would amount to some 24,000 Volvo’s, according to calculations made by the Financial Times

Moreover, the deal marks a potentially major shift in Uber’s strategy; from a taxi app to an operator of a fleet of cars. Should the world's highest-valued – and severely lossmaking – startup commit fully to the framework agreement, it would also be Volvo's biggest-ever deal, and account for 4,5% of the group's total sales, according to Wall Street Journal.

A next-generation XC90

Volvo and Uber have been working closely on the technology of the purpose-built XC90, which will be delivered in a way that Uber can easily mount its own self-driving tech on the car roof.

“We get support developing this car,” Volvo Cars CEO Hakan Samuelsson said to Reuters. This includes “steering and braking actuation systems” that ensure the vehicle’s back-up system kicks in during electrical of mechanical failure, said Uber's Jeff Miller to Financial Times.

The purpose-built Volvo XC90 will take self-driving technology a step further, with specialized back-up systems that allow the cars to operate without humans. Uber

As Miller indicated to FT, there's a lot of variability built into the contract between Volvo and Uber, where 24,000 is an intial order and a “best guess”. Volvo only mentioned "tens of thousands of vehicles" in its press release.

Volvo and Uber have a long-running partnership

The deal comes after a $300 million partnership between the two car companies, which has focused on collaborating on- and rolling out self-driving technology.

Since August last year, Uber has been testing prototype Volvo cars in Arizona and Pittsburgh.

The tests – which have involved human operators to intervene if anything happens – took a beating in March, when one of the Volvo’s crashed and flipped on its side in Arizona (Uber was not at fault in the accident and was hit by another car that failed to yield).

Either way, the new deal proves that Uber is serious about self-driving tech. The potentially massive new investment would change Uber’s way of doing business, and make it less reliant on a fleet of contractors.

“Our goal was from day one to make investments into a vehicle that could be manufactured at scale,” Jeff Miller said to Reuters.

In a self-driving world, the Uber app could be used to summon unmanned Volvo's to pick up passengers.

“It only becomes a commercial business when you can remove that vehicle operator from the equation,” Miller said.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/mysterious-signals-space-frb-fast-radio-bursts-explained-2017-11/Mysterious signals are probably coming from space every second and no one can explain whyRelated articles

It started in 2001, a brilliant burst of light breached the skies. The event had released as much power as 500 million suns. Just a few milliseconds later, the signal had vanished. Astronomers call these powerful flashes Fast Radio Bursts (FRBs).http://nordic.businessinsider.com/labour-mp-ivan-lewis-suspended-over-sexual-harassment-allegations-2017-11/Labour MP Ivan Lewis suspended over sexual harassment allegationscaption Labour's Ivan Lewis. source Reuters

Ivan Lewis becomes the latest senior Labour figure to be suspended following sexual harassment allegations.

The MP for Bury South was accused of repeatedly touching a woman's leg and inviting back to her house when she was 19-years-old.

Ad

LONDON - The Labour Party has suspended MP Ivan Lewis and launched an investigation into allegations of sexual harassment made against him.

A woman has accused the MP for Bury South of repeatedly touching her leg at a fundraising event and inviting back to his home in 2010, when she was aged 19, BuzzFeed reported.

The woman confirmed last week that she had made an official complaint to the party. The BuzzFeed report added that several other women have reported feeling harassed by Lewis in the past.

Lewis, who served as International Development minister under former Prime Minister Gordon Brown, last month denied the 2010 allegation but accepted his behaviour to female colleagues in the past had been "unwelcome."

In a statement given to BuzzFeed, Lewis said he had "good professional relationships and enduring friendships with virtually all my female colleagues." However, he added:

"I understand that a few women have claimed that my behaviour made them feel uncomfortable. I have on occasion asked women I work with out for drinks or dinner, or developed strong feelings for them, and I am genuinely sorry if this was unwelcome or inappropriate in the circumstances, and caused anyone to feel awkward."

The Labour MP has denied ever making "non-consensual sexual comments or sexual advances to women."

It is not clear whether it is the 2010 allegation which has resulted in the party's decision to suspend Lewis. He has also stepped down from his position as the joint lead for homelessness under Greater Manchester mayor Andy Burnham.

A Labour Party spokesperson said: "The Labour Party takes all allegations of sexual harassment extremely seriously. Ivan Lewis is currently suspended from the Labour Party pending an investigation."

Other Labour figures accused

Lewis, who was also at one stage a member of Ed Miliband's shadow cabinet, is the second Labour MP to be suspended following the emergence of sexual misconduct claims in Westminster.

Earlier this month Kelvin Hopkins MP was suspended following allegations that he sent inappropriate text messages to a young woman and rubbed himself up against her at a political event in 2013.

Jeremy Corbyn's aide David Prescott has also been suspended from his role in the Labour leader's office following undisclosed allegations.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/theres-a-high-chance-that-ubers-failure-to-disclose-its-hack-was-illegal-2017-11/There's a 'high chance' that Uber's failure to disclose its hack was illegalsource Brendan McDermid/Reuters

Uber on Tuesday revealed that it had covered up a data breach that took place in 2016, affecting 57 million users.

The company failed to tell authorities around the world and, according to Bloomberg, paid $100,000 to the hackers to cover up the breach, which included names, emails, and phone numbers.

UK authorities have said British users were affected but haven't said how many.

The UK's digital minister, Matt Hancock, said the company probably broke the law - the most damning statement yet from the government.

The questions are piling up on Uber about a data breach that put at least 57 million users at risk but wasn't disclosed by the company.

Ad

The ride-hailing company is now under investigation in the US, the UK, and other countries for failing to disclose the hack to authorities and apparently paying hackers to cover up the breach.

Now the UK's digital minister, Matt Hancock, has given the most damning official statement yet on the breach by suggesting the company broke the law by failing to disclose.

Hancock made the comments in Parliament on Thursday. Asked by Labour MP Kevin Brennan whether Uber had broken the law in relation to the breach, Hancock responded that Brennan "asked whether this is illegal under current UK law - that of course is matter for the courts, but I think there's a very high chance that it is."

Neither Hancock nor Brennan went into further detail.

Uber did not specifically respond to Hancock's comments but said in a statement: "We are in the process of notifying various regulatory and government authorities and we expect to have ongoing discussions with them. Until we complete that process we aren't in a position to get into any more details."

Hancock added that it's an "aggravating factor" if a company gets hacked but doesn't tell authorities immediately. That can potentially lead to higher fines, though in the case of the UK's data authority, that's only a maximum of £500,000, or $665,000. Bloomberg on Tuesday reported that Uber had paid the attackers a $100,000 ransom.

"Delaying notification is not acceptable," Hancock said.

The UK's data watchdog, the Information Commissioner's Office, has already said it will investigate the breach.

We still don't know how many British users were affected

The ICO has confirmed British users were affected by the hack but hasn't yet given an estimate on how many.

According to Hancock, Uber has handed over information on how many of its UK users were affected by the hack.

But he said the government didn't fully trust the figures.

He said: "In terms of the number, we do not have sufficient confidence in the number we have been told by Uber to go public. We're working with the [National Cyber Security Centre] to have more confidence in that figure."

Hancock pointed out that the number of customers affected by the hack on the US consumer-data giant Equifax turned out to be bigger than originally estimated. The government says it plans to publish its findings in "a matter of days."

It also turns out that the government found out about the hack only from media reports on Tuesday, with Uber giving statements to the press before speaking with UK authorities, Hancock said.

"Uber had failed to tell the UK authorities before they spoke to the media," he said.

"As far as we can tell, it was not a hack perpetrated in the UK. Our role is therefore to at this stage is to understand how UK citizens were affected. We are working with the ICO and the NCSC, and they are talking to the [Federal Trade Commission] and others to get to the bottom of this."

Hancock added that it seemed unlikely that any of the stolen information could be used to steal customers' money.

"At this stage, our initial assessment for Uber customers ... the stolen information is not the sort of information that would allow direct financial crime."http://nordic.businessinsider.com/inside-amazon-london-store-full-of-all-black-friday-deals-online-2017-11/Take a look inside Amazon's Black Friday pop-up store in London that's full of all the biggest dealsRelated articles

All the items in the store have a barcode which customers can scan with the Amazon app to look up the details and buy.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/norwegian-billionaire-katharina-andresen-fined-23000-for-drink-driving-2017-11/The 22-year-old billionaire who is Norway's richest woman has been fined 250,000 kroner for driving drunkcaption Andresen, 22, was caught three times over the Norwegian limit near her family's ski chalet in Norway. source Instagram/kgandresen

Katharina Andresen, 22, was fined 250,000 kroner (£25,850) on Friday for drink-driving.





Andresen also received a 13-month ban.





Andresen is the world's second youngest billionaire behind her sister Alexandra, 21.

22-year-old billionaire Katharina Andresen has been fined 250,000 kroner (€25,850) and issued a 13-month ban from driving after she was caught driving under the influence of alcohol.

Andresen was caught over the limit during the Easter weekend earlier this year while driving to her family's ski chalet in Hafjell, Norway where drink-driving fines are based on the defendant's income.

Ad

The 22-year-old, with a net worth of $1.23 billion (€1,04 billion), could have been fined up to 40 million kroner (€4,15 million) if the figure was based on Andresen's assets, according to the Telegraph.

Usually, drink-drivers in Norway are fined 1.5 times their gross monthly salary, but the fine can fluctuate based on what the judge considers the "real financial position" of the defendant, according to the Norwegian newspaper VG.

Because the heiress and Amsterdam University College student has no fixed income, the fine only reflected her net worth and was reduced to 250,000 kroner (€25,850).

Funthursday A post shared by Katharina G. Andresen (@kgandresen) on Aug 25, 2017 at 12:57am PDT

Drink-driving laws in Norway are some of the strictest in Europe and only allow 0.02% blood alcohol content. Andresen had a blood alcohol content of 0.06% one hour after being pulled over by police, according to the Guardian.

In the UK, blood alcohol content while driving should not exceed 0.08% in England, Wales, and Northern Ireland, and 0.05% in Scotland.

Andresen and her younger sister Alexandra, 21, became the world's youngest billionaires in 2007 when their father - investment mogul Johan Andresen - passed down 42% of the family-owned investment company to each of them.

Neither of the Andresen sisters - whose luxe interests include designer brands, horseriding, and international travel - work for the company.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/this-$40-million-robotic-plantscraper-will-feed-over-5000-people-per-year-2017-11/This robotic ‘plantscraper’ is being built in Linköping and it will feed 5,000 people per yearPlantagon is constructing its first plantscraper in Linköping, Sweden. Plantagon By 2050, the world's population is expected to swell to 9.6 billion, with around 66% living in urban areas. This projection is leaving many cities wondering how they will feed all those people. A Swedish food-tech company called Plantagon is proposing that cities consider building what it calls "plantscrapers" — office towers that contain giant indoor farms. Plantagon is constructing its first plantscraper in Linköping, Sweden. Called The World Food Building, the tower will operate hydroponically, meaning vegetables (mostly greens) will grow without soil in a nutrient-rich, water-based solution. The farm will largely be automated, Plantagon CEO Hans Hassle told Business Insider. Construction of the $40 million building began in 2012, and it's set to open by early 2020. Check out the plans below.

The World Food Building will produce approximately 550 tons of vegetables annually — enough to feed around 5,500 people each year. Source: Helgi Analytics

The front of the 16-story tower will include the farm, while the back will include the offices.

About two-thirds of the building will be devoted to offices, while the other third will include a huge indoor farm. Companies are now signing leases to move in when it's complete.

The crops will grow using both natural sunlight and LEDs.

Robots will perform many of the farm's processes. This will keep operational costs down.

Some meeting rooms, like the one below, will have a view of the farm.

In addition, the building will include a market where people can purchase veggies. Local restaurants and other food retailers will be able to buy directly from Plantagon, which will operate the farm, Hassle said.

Plantagon has designed another similar indoor farm with offices, though it's in the shape of a globe. There are no plans to build it yet.





This plantscraper will include a spiraled food production line, which automatically moves the plants from the bottom to the top and back again while they grow. The length of the cycle would depend on the crop, but would normally take around 30 days, Hassle said.



The designers hope Linköping's plantscraper will encourage other cities around the world to build large-scale indoor farms that have multiple uses.





Plantagon is in conversations with other developers in Sweden, Singapore, the United States, Hong Kong, and Shanghai to build similar structures.

Hassle believes that more cities should grow food closer to urban centers. "This project demonstrates how to feed cities of the future when they lack land, water, and other resources," he said.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/turkey-tryptophan-make-you-sleepy-myth-debunked-thanksgiving-2017-11/The turkey you eat at Thanksgiving doesn't make you sleepy — a sleep expert explains whyElon Musk wants people to live on Mars by 2030 — and this isolated Hawaiian base camp is the closest we've come to that vision yethttp://nordic.businessinsider.com/leaked-document-reveals-eus-scathing-view-of-uks-unimpressive-politicians-2017-11/Leaked document reveals the EU's scathing assessment of Britain's 'unimpressive' politicianscaption Boris Johnson and David Davis source Gareth Fuller PA Wire/PA Images

A leaked report quotes EU officials as saying the government is in "chaos" over Brexit.

Senior EU figures view Britain's leading politicians as "unimpressive" and low quality.

Irish government paper notes that Brexit Secretary David Davis had a meeting with the French European affairs minister without mentioning Brexit once.

Prime minister's spokesperson says the government is working hard on Brexit.

LONDON - A leaked document has revealed the scathing view of senior EU figures about leading politicians in Theresa May's government

Ad

The internal paper by the Irish government's Department of Foreign Affairs documents scathing assessments of British ministers and EU figures bemoaning "political confusion" in the government contributing to the slow progress of Brexit talks.

One senior official said they were alarmed by "chaos in the Conservative government," as ministers argue over the correct course to take as the UK leaves the EU, Irish broadcaster RTÉ reported.

According to the leaked paper, officials were amazed that Brexit Secretary David Davis had barely mentioned Brexit during a meeting with the French ministers for defence and European Affairs.

This surprised the French ministers, who thought Davis would use the meeting as an opportunity to try and smooth French resistance to negotiations advancing to the next stage.

The Czech Republic's Deputy Minister for Foreign Affairs Jakub Dürr told Irish officials "he felt sorry for British Ambassadors around the EU trying to communicate a coherent message when there is political confusion at home."

In a separate meeting, a minister in the Czech government described Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson as "unimpressive" but said that at least he had "avoided any gaffes" during a visit to the country in September.

The report is based on a series of meetings between Irish ambassadors and officials with government officials in ten EU countries and Japan.

It quotes Ian Forrester, the British judge in the European Court of Justice, bemoaning "the quality of politicians in Westminster."

According to the paper, Forrester went on to wonder whether the British public would view Brexit as "a great mistake" when they realised the reality of what leaving the EU meant for the UK.

The comments will be a worry to Theresa May, as she attempts to break the deadlock in Brexit talks before a crucial European Council summit next month.

EU heads of state will use the meeting to decide if "sufficient progress" has been made on three key issues to allow negotiations to move onto the next stage.

Last week Taoiseach Leo Varadkar said that Brexit talks are not even close to progressing to the next stage.

The prime minister's spokesperson told Business Insider: "I don't comment on leaked documents but more broadly the government is working hard on preparations for Brexit. You can see that work is ongoing. There are ongoing preparations for all eventualities as spelled out by the chancellor yesterday. On Ireland, I would reiterate there is a good and constructive working relationship with the Prime Minister and the Taoiseach.

"I have not seen the document and I will never comment on leaked documents."

Liberal Democrat MP and Brexit spokesperson told MPs on Thursday that the report painted a "rather unflattering picture of the UK government's negotiating skills," and asked Leader of the House Andrea Leadsom for a debate on the government's incompetence.

In response, Leadsom told Brake to "stop talking the country down" and said: "We are extremely optimistic about the prospects for the UK as we leave the EU and his constant pessimism is not helping."http://nordic.businessinsider.com/eco-friendly-flat-pack-tiny-home-takes-six-hours-to-build-2017-11/An Italian architect has designed an eco-friendly flat-pack home that costs £25,000 and only takes 6 hours to buildcaption M.A.DI flatpack homes offer a new solution to the global property crisis. source Instagram/domenico__antonucci

M.A.DI homes is selling flat-pack homes from just £25,000.

The tiny homes can be assembled in six to seven hours.

Each comes complete with kitchen and bathroom facilities, a staircase leading to a mezzanine living area, central heating, and air conditioning.

Italian architect Renato Vidal has designed a new affordable living concept - flat-pack homes which start from just £25,000 ($33,000).

Ad

Called M.A.DI homes, the concept could work just as easily as a bachelor pad as it could a permanent family home.

Vidal's modular houses are earthquake resistant and come complete with kitchen and bathroom facilities, a staircase and mezzanine living area, central heating, and air conditioning - and they apparently only take six or seven hours to assemble with three workers.

The tiny homes come in varying sizes, with prices beginning at €28,000 (£25,000 or $33,000) for the smallest 27 square metre (290 sq ft) single unit, rising to €62,000 (£55,000 or $73,000) for the 84 square metre (904 sq ft) triple family home.

A post shared by Domenico Antonucci (@domenico__antonucci) on Dec 10, 2016 at 7:49am PST

Designs will be drawn up within 10 days of the agreement of the sale, and delivery will be made 60 days from these drawings being accepted.

They're flexible too, according to the brochures - if you decide to move location you can simply pack up your unit and take it with you.

Equally, if you're in need of some more space, you can simply buy more modules to add to your house.

Each additional module costs €16,000 (£14,000 or $19,000) while an extra staircase will set you back €2,000 (£1,800 or $2,400).

The tiny homes, which are manufactured by Italian wood specialist Area Legno, are also eco-friendly.

Here's a video of the assembly, which takes just six hours.

new concept of living#unfolded in just #24h #madiinitaly #fuorisalone2017#zonasantambrogio#parcosempione#piazzadelcannone #milanodesignweek#designporn #igersmilano#wood#innovation #dream #surprise#future#metadesign#roadtomilano#greenarchitecture#future#idea#innovazione#bio#change#metadesign#mdw17#woodworks#wheretostay# A post shared by madi home (@madi_home) on Mar 29, 2017 at 2:30am PDT

Inside, these CGI images show an open-plan living space which is pretty modern and stylish.

There's an upper floor bedroom mezzanine and a staircase to get to it.

If you decide to move location, you can simply pack up your unit and take it with you.

M.A.DI homes could be the latest answer to the global property crisis.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/john-mcdonnell-struggles-to-explain-labour-borrowing-plans-2017-11/John McDonnell says 'that's why we have iPads' after failing to explain Labour's borrowing planscaption John McDonnell. source Philip Toscano/PA Wire/PA Images

Labour's John McDonnell was pressed on his own spending plans while responding to the government's latest.

The BBC asked him to spell out the precise cost of Labour's infrastructure plans.

He said it was a "trite question" which "iPads and advisors" can answer.

LONDON - Shadow Chancellor John McDonnell couldn't to provide figures for Labour's borrowing plans when pressed during an interview, but insisted that "iPads and advisers" do that job for him.

Ad

McDonnell was asked by Mishal Husain, a presenter on Radio 4's "Today" programme, to explain exactly how much his plan to borrow money to invest in infrastructure would cost.

The MP for Hayes and Harlington was unable to provide exact numbers and accused Husain of asking him a "trite" question.

"The type of journalism where you go into an interview and they ask you a question on a particular figure is a trite form of journalism," McDonnell said. "It's why we have iPads and advisors."

He later added that his investment plan "would pay for itself" because it would lead to economic growth.

"What we would do is ensure that day-to-day spending was not paid for by borrowing. It will be paid for through our tax system, and that means stop the tax giveaway to the rich and the corporations," he said.

"That we would only invest for our infrastructure and that investment would pay for itself on the basis of the growth that we would achieve on those. And that's a one-to-one return.

"Because, immediately that infrastructure puts more people back into work, they pay their taxes and as a result of that you are able to cover your costs."

McDonnell has this week done a number of media interviews in response to the government's budget plans, which were announced by Chancellor Philip Hammond on Wednesday.

The shadow chancellor endured a difficult interview with the BBC's Andrew Neil on Wednesday night when he failed to provide a figure for how much the UK spends paying interest on the national debt.

"I know the figure but I haven't got it in front of me," he told Neil.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/the-queen-of-england-is-a-cannibal-and-finland-doesnt-exist--these-are-the-12-craziest-conspiracy-theories-on-the-internet-2017-11/Finland doesn't exist and the queen of England is a cannibal — these are the 12 craziest conspiracy theories on the internetWikimedia Commons

Welcome to the internet, where incredulity and paranoia loom large. Here, you'll find no shortage of theories expounding on the non-existence of celebrities and detailed analysis on the many ways in which we've been lied to by the government (which, in turn, has been lied to by the elite reptile overlords who really rule the earth).

Here are a few of the strangest ideologies currently occupying the web:

1. Melania Trump has a doppelganger who follows the president around on official business.

In October, several people took to Twitter to question the real identity of the woman trailing behind the president during a White House press chat. Twitter users compared side by side photos of the "real Melania" and the "Melania double" and came to an official assessment: there's a slightly shorter First Lady lookalike.

2. J.K. Rowling doesn't actually exist.

In 2005, Norwegian filmmaker Nina Grünfeld argued that the Harry Potter series had been created by an entire industry of writers, and that the woman known as J.K. Rowling was only a front. "Is it possible that a person can write six thick books that are translated into 55 languages and sell more than 250 million copies in less than 10 years?" Grünfeld asked.

3. Finland doesn't exist either.

This theory evolved on Reddit in 2015, when a user called "Raregans" suggested that Finland was a fabricated landmass, dreamed up by the Japanese and Soviet Union during the Cold War in an effort to secure fishing rights in the Baltic Sea. Raregans suggested the people who populate the country known as Finland actually belong to the nations of Sweden, Estonia, and Russia.

4. An elite cohort of reptiles rule the earth, and Justin Bieber is among them.

A Public Policy Survey in 2016 found that nearly 12 million people believe that an elite class of space-traveling lizards rule the earth. Among these lizards is Justin Bieber, who was reported earlier this year shape-shifting mid-concert into a giant reptile with "big scaly claws" and "a black stripe down its middle."

5. Queen Elizabeth is a cannibal.

Ever wondered how the queen of England has managed to live so long? British historian Hubert Humdinger has the answer: "She must eat human flesh to be so vivacious." In 2012, the site Dear Dirty America claimed to have "confirmed" Humdinger's reports when a serviceman at Windsor Castle claimed to discover human remains inside the queen's "private freezer."

6. The ice bucket challenge was really a Satanic ritual.

When the ice bucket challenge began circulating the web in 2014, a number of suspicious theories came with it. Several critics took to YouTube hoping to reveal the true motivations behind the challenge, with many of them claiming the ALS benefit was a ritual purification cleansing for what would be the largest human sacrifice in history, part of a hidden Illuminati code passed down by Satan himself.

7. NASA knows about a second sun, and they've hidden it from us.

When NASA reported the discovery of a Planet 9 in 2016, astronomer Paul Cox took to the internet to speculate that the planet was actually a second sun. In a live video posted to a robotic telescope service site called Slooh, Cox examined Mercury's transits and pointed out a second sun. "NASA and other organizations, they usually hide that stuff away from us," Cox said. "They don't tell us the truth, but there it is."

8. Michelle Obama is a man, and s/he murdered Joan Rivers.

InfoWars' Alex Jones came up with this theory up in 2016: After Joan Rivers joked that Michelle Obama was a transgender woman, the Obamas had her assassinated.

9. The earth is flat.

After the solar eclipse in August, a number of flat-earth conspiracists, or "flat earthers," took to the internet to disprove the spherical shape of the planet. The theory is experiencing a modern-day resurgence, with flat-earther YouTube channels and subreddits like /r/flatearth flourishing with thousands of members online.

11. The UN is plotting to kill us all.

For years, a UN-backed sustainable development plan called Agenda 21 has faced suspicious criticism: According to a large spectrum of the internet, Agenda 21 is really the Illuminati's covert plan to kill off the majority of the earth's population.

12. Robert Kardashian and Ted Cruz are the same person.

This conspiracy claims Robert Kardashian isn't actually dead, but rather he's just been traipsing around in the guise of Ted Cruz in order to sever ties with the Kardashian clan and enter into a career in politics.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/heading-to-slush-2017-here-are-the-coolest-things-happening-this-year-according-to-ceo-marianne-vikkula-2017-11/Heading to Slush 2017? Here are the coolest things happening this year, according to CEO Marianne VikkulaMarianne Vikkula, CEO of Slush Slush/Jussi Rautiainen

Slush is just around the corner.

Taking place November 30 – December 1, the event that grew from a small student gathering to the region's leading tech conference (with Asian offshoots) has this year made sure to jam-pack its agenda for the 17,500 tech enthusiasts, entrepreneurs and investors visting the Finnish capital.

Ad

Here are the best speakers, expert panels and programs to look out for at Slush, according to Marianne Vikkula, Slush CEO:

Al Gore – the former US Vice Presiden and an investor in sustainable technologies delivers the opening keynote, which will set the tone for this year's event, "to tackle our planet's most pressing problems."





“East meets West” – a panel about China and growing Asian influence in tech. Speakers will include Carl Pei , the Swedish-born co-founder and CEO of OnePlus, Dai Wei , the founder of Chinese bike sharing company Ofo, Martin Lau , chairman of Chinese media- and gaming giant Tencent and JP Lee , Partner and Managing Director of SoftBank Ventures Korea.





Leila Janah, founder at Samasourcing & LXMI, a nonprofit that matches low-income workers in impoverished areas with digital work.





Adena Friedman , CEO at Nasdaq and the world’s leading stock exchange heavyweight.





Sallie Krawcheck , a feminist finance star and founder of Ellevest, a digital platform for female investors.





”The Nird Bird” – a direct charter flight from Silicon Valley to Helsinki makes its second showing this year. Among the passengers are Zynga founder Mark Pincus ; Vishal Vasisht , cofounder of Obvious Ventures; Zach Klein , cofounder of Vimeo; Michael Buckwald, cofounder of VR company Leap Motion; Hemant Taneja , CEO of tech investment company General Catalyst, and Will Marshall , cofounder of satellite company Planet Labs.





A new concept this year are vertically focused events focused on mobility and science.

Slush 2017 takes place at Messukeskus in Helsinki from November 30 to December 1. For last year's interview with Slush CEO Marianne Vikkula, see here.

Business Insider Nordic will be covering the event, so stay tuned.

Read More: Slush CEO Marianne Vikkula on Nordic cooperation, shaping startup culture, and making entrepreneurship a global phenomenon

Marianne Vikkula Hannele Lahtinenhttp://nordic.businessinsider.com/10-things-in-tech-you-need-to-know-today-november-20-2017-11/10 things in tech you need to know todaycaption Spotify CEO Daniel Ek. source Andrew Burton/Getty Images

Good morning! Here's the technology news you need to know to start off the week.

1. Startup incubator Y Combinator quietly stopped working with billionaire VC Peter Thiel just a year after defending its partnership. Thiel joined the startup accelerator in 2015 as an advisor in its "part-time partner" program, but it has been announced that he's no longer working with the incubator.

Ad

2. Apple delayed its HomePod smart speaker until "early 2018." No reason for the delay was provided.

3. Actor Jeffrey Tambor has left Amazon series "Transparent" after being accused of sexual harassment. Tambor said in a statement that a "politicized atmosphere" on set made it impossible for him to return.

4. Former Uber board member and VC Bill Gurley said it's time for Silicon Valley's unicorns to 'grow up' and get profitable. "This silly notion of we're going to stay private forever is not going to play out in a positive way," he said.

5. Venture capitalist Steve Jurvetson was reportedly pushed out of his firm after blurring the boundaries between his personal and professional lives. Recode reported that Jurvetson had relationships with women he met at technology events.

6. Spotify acquired Swedish music startup Soundtrap for "at least $30 million (£22.6 million)." Soundtrap lets users create music together with others in real time.

7. The new iMac Pro will reportedly include an A10 Fusion chip. It's expected to come with always-on "Hey, Siri" mode.

8. UK food delivery startup Deliveroo raised another $98 million (£74 million). The raise brings the company's total funding close to $1 billion (£755 million).

9. Another one of Snapchat's first 20 employees has left the company. Chloe Drimal was behind the initial launch of Snapchat's "Our Stories" feature.

10. Uber drivers were convicted of almost half of the sex offences in London cabs last year. The total number of sexual offences in taxi and private hire cars has gone up from 136 in 2015 to 164 in 2016.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/malia-obama-dating-rory-farquharson-harvard-2017-11/Barack Obama's daughter is reportedly dating an investment manager's son who was head boy at a £35,000-a-year private school in Englandcaption Malia Obama with her father, Barack Obama. source Chip Somodevilla / Getty

Malia Obama is dating Rory Farquharson, the British son of an investment manager, the Daily Mail reported.

Both 19, Obama and Farquharson met at Harvard, where they're studying.

Farquharson attended the £35,000-a-year private Rugby School in England.

The 19-year-old daughter of former US President Barack Obama, Malia Obama, is reportedly dating the son of a British investment manager.

Ad

After TMZ published a video of Malia Obama kissing a man during the Harvard-Yale football game over the weekend, the Daily Mail identified him as Rory Farquharson, who was head boy at a £35,000-a-year ($47,000-a-year) private school in England.

caption A screengrab of TMZ's video of Malia Obama and a man who was later identified as Rory Farquharson. source TMZ

Farquharson, 19, began his studies at Harvard last year, according to Rugby School, an English private school he attended, where a term's education costs up to £11,584.

Here's Farquharson pictured in June:

It's been an absolute delight and pleasure to have this exceptional student @rory_farq from @Harvard spend this week with us in Belfast 🚀 pic.twitter.com/ICFnJT19h5 — Conor Houston (@ConorHoustonNI) June 9, 2017

He was a golf and rugby player and was selected as "head of school" for the 2015-16 year. A school friend told the Daily Mail that he was "popular" and "quite a catch."

Farquharson's CV says he spent a summer as an intern with the Centre for Democracy and Peace Building in Northern Ireland, appeared in a rugby video played at the World Cup opening ceremony in 2015 (which Prince Harry also appeared in), and was a member of the Rugby School's chemistry club, the Blue Bunsen Society.

Congratulations to Rory who played for the Irish Exiles on Sunday #wholepersonwholepoint #rugby pic.twitter.com/LwL89MXdyl — Rugby School (@RugbySchool1567) January 24, 2017

The Telegraph reported that Farquharson's Twitter account, which has now been deleted, suggested he had an interest in investment just like his 57-year-old father, Charles, the CEO of the London-based Insight Investment Management Limited. His mother, Catherine, 58, is also a qualified accountant.

The family live in a six-bed detached home in Woodbridge, Suffolk, worth £1.6 million, The Telegraph reported.

Farquharson had also appeared to criticize US President Donald Trump on Twitter, according to The Telegraph. The Daily Mail reported, however, that Farquharson followed the current president on Twitter but did not follow Barack Obama.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/samsung-galaxy-s9-may-appear-at-ces-2018-2017-11/Samsung's next flagship smartphone may make an early appearance in Januarycaption Samsung's DJ Koh at the Galaxy S8's launch event. source Drew Angerer/Getty Images

Samsung's next high-end smartphones, the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+, may come earlier than usual.

They may make their first appearance as early as next January, at Las Vegas' Consumer Electronics Show (CES).

They will reportedly be "iterative" devices, but still pack some new stuff, with a focus on power and overall polish.

Samsung's new flagship smartphones for the first half of 2018 are already on their way, and may make a super-early appearance at next January's CES.

Ad

The original report, from VentureBeat, mentions that the tentatively named "Galaxy S9" and "Galaxy S9+" will only be "iterative" devices, largely building on the noteworthy, trend-launching, almost bezel-less designs of this year's S8 duo.

The S9 and S9+ are named "Star 1" and "Star 2" internally, and will reportedly feature the same 5.8- and 6.2-inch Quad HD, AMOLED displays of their respective predecessors.

Processors will apparently get a notable speed boost, however, moving the more energy-efficient 10-nanometer manufacturing process - strongly hinting at Qualcomm's forthcoming Snapdragon 845, likely in conjunction with a new, in-house made Exynos counterpart for non-US markets.

The added power will also reportedly be coupled with 6GB of RAM, like on the more recent Note 8, as opposed to the 4GB its predecessors had, to better compete with Apple's increasingly powerful A-line series and stay ahead of the competition in the Android space.

VentureBeat's sources also say that 64GB of onboard storage will come in the base model, and the microSD card slot will remain, alongside the 3.5mm headphone jack.

The camera will change, instead, moving to a dual lens, vertically aligned setup (like on the iPhone X) that moves the fingerprint reader closer to the middle of the device's back, in response to the numerous complaints Samsung received with the S8, S8+, and even the Note 8.

Last but not least is DeX, Samsung's system that allows the S8 to function as a desktop workstation by plugging it into a monitor and keyboard with the support of a custom accessory. The new docking station will keep the phone in a flat position, VentureBeat says, and "utilise the screen as either a touchpad or a virtual keyboard."http://nordic.businessinsider.com/aijalon-mahli-gomes-former-north-korea-prisoner-mysteriously-burns-to-death-2017-11/An American taken prisoner by North Korea in 2010 was found burning to death in San Diegocaption Former US President Jimmy Carter welcomes Aijalon Mahli Gomes home after negotiating his release from North Korea. source Adam Hunger/Reuters

A man was found burned to death in San Diego last week.

He turned out to be Aijalon Mahli Gomes, an American who was imprisoned in North Korea in 2010.

Gomes was detained after illegally entering the country from China.

Former President Jimmy Carter helped negotiate his release.

San Diego Police are still investigating the death.

An American man who was imprisoned for nine months in North Korea has mysteriously burned to death in San Diego.

Ad

Aijalon Mahli Gomes was found ablaze in a dirt field off the Pacific Highway around 11.30 p.m. last Friday, according to the San Diego Union Tribune.

An off-duty California Highway Patrol officer spotted Gomes on fire, running, then collapsing, San Diego Police homicide lieutenant Todd Griffin said on Tuesday. Firefighters and police responded to his calls, but Gomes was pronounced dead at the scene, the Fox 5 San Diego TV station reported.

A preliminary investigation into the death showed that the death was "not a homicide but rather an accidental death or suicide," Griffin added. Police are still investigating the cause of the fire, The New York Times reported.

Gomes was arrested in January 2010 after crossing into North Korea from China, by walking through a frozen stretch of the Tumen River, according to his memoir, "Violence and Humanity."

caption Gomes walking to a plane to depart North Korea after his release. source Kyodo/Reuters

Pyongyang then accused the American, who was 30 at the time, of illegally crossing its border with China.

They also said he had committed an unspecified "hostile act," and in April 2010 sentenced him to eight years of hard labour and a fine of about $700,000 (£456,000 at the time).

He remained detained for nine months until former President Jimmy Carter flew to North Korea and negotiated his release in late August that year, the Times said.

It's unclear what Gomes, then an English teacher in South Korea, was doing in the North. His uncle, Michael Farrow, told CNN at the time that Gomes "may have just been trying to peek in and help others and teach them."

An Associated Press file photo from January 2010, however, showed him at a human rights protest at the Imjingak Pavilion, near the Panmunjom demilitarised zone separating the two Koreas.

caption Gomes at an anti-North Korean rally in January 2010, before his detainment and arrest. source Ahn Young-joon/AP

According to Gomes's book, he endured "psychological torment of interrogation and confinement" under detention.

He also tried to commit suicide during that time, which included slitting his wrists and trying to starve himself, according to the San Diego Tribune, which cited Gomes's mother, Jacqueline McCarthy.

After returning home, McCarthy said Gomes suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder, and began "isolating from the family," opting to communicate via text than in person.

The most recent high-profile case of an American detained in North Korea was that of Otto Warmbier, who was sentenced to 15 years' imprisonment last year after being accused of trying to steal a poster from his hotel. The 22-year-old was released back to the US this June while in a coma, and died six days after returning home.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/neymar-scored-2-goals-and-toyed-with-celtic-in-a-landslide-7-1-win-2017-11/Neymar scored 2 goals and 'toyed' with Celtic in a landslide 7-1 win, then paid homage to Floyd Mayweather after the matchcaption Neymar "put on a clinic of how to play exhilarating football," according to BT Sport pundit Rio Ferdinand. source Getty Images

Neymar was at his brilliant best as the PSG forward scored twice, created a goal, and "toyed" with Celtic in his club's 7-1 win.

Rio Ferdinand said Neymar "put on a clinic of how to play exhilarating football" and that it was "a joy to watch."

Neymar spoke to journalists after the game and paid homage to retired boxer Floyd Mayweather by wearing the American's branded clothing.

Ad

Neymar scored twice in Paris Saint-Germain's magnificent 7-1 victory over Celtic.

The Ligue 1 leader fell behind due to an early Celtic goal but was merciless in its comeback as Neymar, Edison Cavani, Kylian Mbappé, Marco Veratti, and Dani Alves all piled the pressure onto the Scottish opponents.

Neymar scored two goals, created another, and played pitch-perfect 40-yard passes. According to BT Sport pundit Rio Ferdinand, Neymar was "toying" with Celtic.

He said: "Neymar put on a clinic of how to play exhilarating football. Speed. Totally toying with the opponents. And [the PSG team] is doing it all with a smile on its faces - it's a joy to watch."

Though it was a team effort and there were five different goalscorers in the dominant victory, Neymar played a part in many majestic PSG attacks. He was goalscorer, goal creator, and a creative force who played with a freedom of the pitch.

Even Ferdinand joked that PSG was "taking liberties" with people, reflecting how the club is brushing Champions League teams to the side.

"They're taking liberties with people! Neymar put on a clinic of how to play exhilarating football."@rioferdy5 can't get enough of PSG ðxÜ pic.twitter.com/szUbsiBt8D — BT Sport Football (@btsportfootball) November 22, 2017

PSG manager Unai Emery lauded Neymar. "He's extraordinary," Emery said, according to Goal.com. "He wants to play the games, to be present on the pitch. He makes everyone benefit from his talent."

Neymar fielded questions from journalists in the media zone after the match. Having previously been linked with a €200 million move to Real Madrid, one media member asked the Brazilian if he would consider leaving PSG.

source YouTube screenshot

Dressed in retired boxer Floyd Mayweather's branded clothing, Neymar slammed the reporter for being "boring" before walking away.

PSG's next game is against AS Monaco on Sunday.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/how-tesla-designs-cars-to-look-so-good-2017-11/The secret to how Tesla gets its cars to look so goodcaption The Tesla Model 3. source Timothy Artman/Tesla

Designer Franz von Holzhausen had an impressive resume before joining Tesla.

But the combination of his frustration with the traditional auto industry and Elon Musk's distinctive ideas about how to solve problems has taken his work to a new level.

He's followed an unlikely path to becoming the most influential car designer of his generation.

Before Franz von Holzhausen signed on with what was then called Tesla Motors in 2008, he was on his way to being a member of the automotive design world's elite.

He had graduated from Art Center College of Design in the early 1990s, making him an alumnus of the world's most prestigious transportation design program, counting among its graduates the likes of J. Mays, Chris Bangle, and Henrik Fisker.

At General Motors, he designed a pair of exquisite roadsters, the Pontiac Solstice the Saturn Sky. From there he went to Mazda North America, where he ran the entire show and garnered praise for his concept vehicles.

If von Holzhausen had remained on that track, he would have been a car-design aristocrat. Instead, he took a huge leap of faith and joined a buzzy Silicon Valley startup, far from the automotive capitals in Michigan, Japan, and Germany. And he became the most influential designer of his generation.

Yes, I know that's a big statement. Jaguar's Ian Callum or Aston Martin's Marek Reichman might object, and Luc Donckerwolke is capturing plenty of attention for his work at Hyundai, following a stint designing Lamborghinis.

But the key factor for von Holzhausen is that as Tesla rolls out its Model 3 sedan, attacking the mass market, he's witnessing the return on his risky decision to join CEO Elon Musk back when Tesla was selling only one car, the original Roadster. Many designers of high reputation who are about von Holzhausen's age (he's 49) continue to imagine the future within the context of the past.

Von Holzhausen gets to envision the future on its own terms - gorgeous electric cars that will someday be able to drive themselves. The car designer of the coming decades might admire the legends of the profession's history (and there have been many). But when it comes to crafting a career and a reputation, they will look to Holzhausen.

I recently got the chance to speak with von Holzhausen and he shared some details about how he came to join Tesla and what guides his design philosophy.

Correction: An earlier version of this post said that von Holzhausen joined Tesla in 2010; he joined in 2008.

It was von Holzhausen, not Musk, who was the budding superstar back in the late 2000s.

source Wikimedia Commons

When von Holzhausen joined Tesla in 2008, the company was contending with a near-bankruptcy. The company had only a single vehicle to sell - the Lotus-based Roadster - and although it had stoked enthusiasm with all-electric cars that were fast and sexy and would raise $226 million in an IPO after von Holzhausen arrived, the carmaker lived on the edge of a knife.

Even though the traditional auto industry had endured its own near-death experience during the financial crisis, by 2010 General Motors had staged its own IPO, returning to the public markets after a government bailout and bankruptcy. Moribund auto sales had begun a recovery, and other electric-car startups were showing the strains of introducing new technologies; most would fail. A lot of experts figured Tesla would be out of business in a few years, as the cost of launching new vehicles killed the company.

But von Holzhausen was frustrated with the traditional industry and ready to leave Mazda. A few chats and meetings with Musk proved that the experienced designer and the entrepreneur with a designer's sensibility were on the same page, sharing vision and values.

For von Holzhausen, it was Musk's and Tesla's absolute commitment that cinched the deal. Musk has said that he and von Holzhausen share the same taste, so beyond that critical aspect of the relationship, it boiled down to how serious Musk was about completely remaking the landscape of transportation.

The bottom line for von Holzhausen?

"Tesla was all in," he said in an interview with Business Insider.

Von Holzhausen mission was to create a "world-class design competency" for Tesla. The company's first car was cool, but the Roadster was based on a Lotus design. Von Holzhausen would have the nearly unique opportunity to start from scratch.

source Tesla

Tesla's roadmap, drawn up by Musk, was straightforward. The company had to first create an exciting electric car that would change the impressions that EVs were glorified golf carts. That car would be sold at a high price to early adopters and fans of high-performance, exotic sports cars.

The money would fund additional, luxurious, pricey electric vehicles, and that money would provide the funding for the first major endgame: a mass-market vehicle intended to bring long-range electric mobility to the masses.

The Roadster's Lotus underpinnings meant that when those ran out, Tesla would need a new car. For von Holzhausen, going to work at Tesla's earliest design studio in Hawthorne, CA, at SpaceX headquarters, that meant about two years to come up with a new vehicle - a rare opportunity to pen a "clean sheet" design.

Roadster production would phase out by 2012. And regardless, Tesla had to start selling a more versatile lineup of vehicles. While a snazzy two-seater was fun to drive and thrilling to look at - more so when you realized you were running only on electrons - people wanted to buy sedans and SUVs.

Von Holzhausen had a lot of work ahead of him.

Tesla zigged rather than zagged with the Model S, which was revealed in 2011 and went on sale the following year. And von Holzhausen introduced his own design philosophy.

source Tesla

The auto industry is over a century old. Tesla is the first new carmaker to emerge in decades. So it's just about the rarest thing imaginable for a car designer to be able to imagine a new vehicle without feeling the explicit burden of the past. Just try to sketch a new Mustang at Ford or Corvette at Chevy.

Tesla was announcing itself as a real car company with the Model S, so von Holzhausen knew that his ideas would define the visual vocabulary of numerous vehicles to follow: SUVs, sports cars, coupés, probably even pickup trucks and vans. The whole tamale.

A lot of designers would have let it rip and tried to be the next Giorgetto Giugiaro, the crucial Italian designer of Ferraris, Alfa Romeos, and Maseratis. In a sense, von Holzhausen did become the next Guigaro, minus the more flamboyant efforts. Giugiaro designed dozen of cars, and not all of them made viewers automatically weak in the knees.

Von Holzhausen let Musk be his guide. Musk embraces something called "first principles thinking" and has made it into a mantra at Tesla. The idea is to avoid thinking by analogy - let's make this car look like that car, just sort of different or better - and instead deal with problems by stripping them down to the core and working your way up.

Von Holzhausen's version of this has been to embrace what he calls "efficiency." He assumes that every Tesla has to be beautiful, and besides, making a piece of industrial design beautiful doesn't really cost anything. It's more a matter of choosing beauty as a first principle because, in a competitive market, the best-looking product stands out.

With efficiency, von Holzhausen had a concept that could inform not just the design of the Model S sedan but also the entire, evolving Tesla brand.

The Model S embodies radical restraint. It draws attention without demanding attention. For von Holzhausen, it's a vision of the future that just about anyone can understand.

source Tesla

It's also representative of von Holzhausen's restrained approach at Tesla. The Model S essentially looks the same as it did when it debuted. The main update was to the front end, when Tesla eliminated a faux-grille nose cones and went with a smooth treatment.

With an electric car, there's no need for a traditional grille because there's no internal-combustion engine to feed with oxygen or cool with airflow and a radiator.

The relatively conservative nature of a Tesla's exteriors is echoed inside. But predictably, there's a radical approach tucked away in here, too.

source Tesla

The entire interior of all Tesla's is organized around a large central touchscreen that controls almost all vehicle functions. It's even slanted slightly toward the driver for better viewing.

To be honest, although it looks spectacular, it isn't always as functional as what you experience in vehicles that have retained knobs, switches, and buttons. But it doesn't matter. What Tesla, von Holzhausen, and the company's design team - including Musk - recognized is that a gigantic screen would reinforce the impression that Tesla's are about technology.

Nobody else in the auto industry has put a screen this big in a car. You can't avoid it when you slip behind the wheel or plop down in the passenger seat, so it automatically reinforces Tesla's branding.

The Model X was von Holzhausen's second all-original design for Tesla.

source Tesla

But the Model X is something of a conundrum.

source Justin Sullivan/Getty Images

On one hand, it's an extension of von Holzhausen's design language to the larger shape of an SUV. On the other, it's a departure from the efficiency philosophy because although the design is streamlined, the engineering isn't.

Tesla overdid it, by admission, with the Model X. The vehicle was delayed for years before launching in 2015, beset with problems: the falcon-wing doors had to to redesigned, rear-seat production was brought in-house, and the vehicle faced recalls not long after it hit the market.

But the Model X is greater than the sum of its parts or flaws. It's easily the most technologically advanced vehicle currently on the road, and although von Holzhausen didn't depart from the Model X template, he showed that it was flexible enough to work on the two most important genres in the luxury space.

Von Holzhausen's third effort for Tesla was the Model 3.

caption Tesla Model 3. source Timothy Artman/Tesla

The Model 3 really is a triumph. The Model S design scaled up beautifully for the Model X, but beauty doesn't always scale down. Not so with the Model 3, which manages to be more modest than the relatively big Model S without being a squashed-down version of that car.

This is the key to von Holzhausen's influence. He's the rare professional who's creating both a physically specific piece of industrial design while also developing an overall visual impression, which could be identified as the Tesla brand.

The only other carmaker that has consistently done this is Porsche, building on the basic original look of the 911 sports car. Von Holzhausen's efficiency approach is particularly evident on this front. If it doesn't evoke Tesla, he takes it away.

And that taking away extends inside the Model 3.

source Tesla

Von Holzhausen makes no bones about it: The Model 3's ultra-minimalist interior - completely defined by a horizontal version of the Tesla touchscreen - anticipates a day when cars won't need controls for human drivers.

The Model 3's majestically uncluttered dashboard is the most striking influential thing I've ever seen in an automobile. You can look at the picture, but it's hard to describe the experience of getting behind the wheel and seeing absolutely nothing that you're used to.

And then you go ahead and drive the car and within seconds, it all makes sense. What von Holzhausen has achieved here is a three-part user interface: beautiful exterior, minimalist interior, and North Star for the entire Tesla brand.

That Franz von Holzhausen — the unlikeliest superhero to ever take up the task of designing cars.

source Getty Images/Jason Merritt/TERM

I've probably talked to car designers more than I've talked to anyone else in the automotive profession. To a one, they're impressive, but von Holzhausen is at another level.

The crazy thing is that although he had done great work before Tesla, he didn't have the right context for his considerable talents before he paired up with Musk's carmaker. He was willing to take a risk, and now he's enjoying the results. Tesla has certainly endured its ups and downs, but von Holzhausen is universally admired for his designs.

As Tesla continues to move forward, he'll be even more admired for his unique ideas not just about what cars should look like, but how they should make our lives better.

And one more thing ...

source Thomson Reuters

Well, even Franz gives in to a little car-designer temptation from time to time. Sedans and SUVs are fine, but sometimes you want to create a road-going rocket that can do 0-60 mph in less than two seconds. Behold the all-new Tesla Roadster, revealed last Thursday night.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/truecaller-ceo-alan-mamedi-on-adding-300000-customers-per-day-creating-a-wechat-for-india-and-what-separates-sequoia-and-kpcb-from-the-rest-2017-11/The CEO of Swedish phonebook app Truecaller on adding 300k users per day, creating ‘WeChat for India’ and the thing that sets Sequoia and KPCB apart from the restTruecaller CEO and co-founder Alan Mamedi. Truecaller

“Essentially, Truecaller has taken the old school phone book and transformed it completely, making sure nobody ever makes any intrusive calls to you.” - Truecaller co-founder Nami Zarringhalam.

Chances are you’ve never heard of Truecaller. But in many parts of the world, it ranks among the five to ten most downloaded apps behind Whatsapp, Messenger and Facebook.

Ad

Founded in 2009 by two engingeering graduates of Iranian and Kurdish origin, the Stockholm-based company has grown to some 250 million users across the globe with more than half being monthly active users.

Truecaller lets users see who is calling them, filter out spam text messages and block unwanted calls; a simple but necessary service in the company’s main markets India, Egypt, the U.S. and Nigeria.

After getting on board some of Silicon Valley’s hottest investors – KPCB, Sequoia, John Doerr and Jerry Murdock – and subsequently raising almost $80 million in 2014, the big challenge for Truecaller has been to monetize its massive user base.

Here's how Truecaller alerts users to spam calls. Truecaller

The past two years have marked a turning point for the company in that regard, with a growing ad business and "a big new version of Truecaller" launched among its 150 million users in India.



We had a chat with co-founder and CEO Alan Mamedi to hear about Truecaller’s long road to profitability, a star-studded VC panel and branching out into payments with a "WeChat for India". The following interview has been lightly edited for clarity and length.

Highlights of the interview:

Alan Mamedi on...

Breakneck growth. "There are very few companies in the world who can organically grow with over 300,000 new app users per day. That you can only reach in the emerging markets, where you see millions and millions of people every month being connected for the first time. That attracts us a lot."





India as the future of Truecaller. "The biggest difference is that we have enabled payment services where you from your contacts can send money to a friend. You can also pay your bills and top up your pre-paid card directly from Truecaller. If you’re a small business owner in India, you’re most likely using Truecaller for requesting payments."





Generating Revenue. "Last year was an interesting year we spent building up our advertisement platform. We went from almost zero to $6,5 million (SEK 56 million) in revenues. We’re expecting to triple that this year. It’s going to be a very fun year. The revenue gives us room to generate healthy revenues and focus on the long term. So we’re very happy about that."





Working with Silicon Valley's star investors. "In the early days, when we - like everyone else - considered going big in the U.S., it helped to have the balanced opinions of a global board. Sequoia for instance have some of their largest investments in China and India, so they’re not biased to certain markets. They know there are opportunities everywhere. You just pick one of them, and stay 100 percent focused."

Business Insider Nordic: Talk about the journey with Truecaller. What was your vision from the beginning?

Alan Mamedi: When we started eight years ago, we just wanted to solve one problem within communication: being able to know who was calling you. Eventually, we realized that every phone number represents a person or a business in that communication matter. But since there’s no identity connected to a phone number at least beforehand, there was a lot of distrust in communication.

We thought that if we could build an identity platform that connects people to a phone number, that connects them to the world, then we should be solving some major challenges in people’s daily communication, and make it safer and more efficient.

Then over time we could enable other services, like payments, financial loans etc. People were laughing at us, saying phone numbers are disappearing. Even in Sweden, the phone number is one of the most important authenticators today, being used in mobile payments and so forth. So it has become one of the most important identity factors we have today.

BI: What is Truecaller in 2017? What problem are you solving for the customer today?

AM: 2017 has been all about building a better communication platform connected to your phone number, and build services around that, such as payments.

Earlier this year, we launched a big new version of Truecaller in India with peer-to-peer payments. So we’re not only connecting names and other types of identities to your phone number, but we also simplify ways of transacting. Over the years, we’ve come to understand that a transaction usually begins with a conversation; and in that conversation Truecaller is involved, which adds a lot of trust.

This year, we’ve mainly focused on emerging markets. We’ve scaled the team in India a lot. Next year, we are starting to build a team in Africa, which is our second-largest region. The smartphone penetration there is less than 30 percent. In the coming three years, we will see Truecaller grow with hundreds of millions of active users in our existing markets, only based on smartphone growth.

There are very few companies in the world who can organically grow with over 300,000 new app users per day. That you can only reach in the emerging markets, where you see millions and millions of people every month being connected for the first time. That attracts us a lot.

There are two legs we are standing on, and focusing on right now. One is the app, which is our B2C product, and the second one is the SDK (Software Development Kit for businesses), the B2B2C, and both are growing extremely fast.

BI: You recently merged three of your apps in India to create something like a Truecaller 2.0. Is India the gateway to the future of Truecaller?

AM: Yes, you could say so. The biggest difference is that we have enabled payment services where you from your contacts can send money to a friend, like mobile payment app Swish in Sweden. You can also pay your bills and top up your pre-paid card directly from Truecaller. If you’re a small business owner in India, you’re most likely using Truecaller for requesting payments.

Our chat service is available worldwide, but only in India have we hooked in transactions to that. This is obviously going to expand to more markets right now. In that sense, India is indeed the future of Truecaller for other markets.

BI: How has the reception been in India been to (what Business Insider calls) “Truecaller 2.0”?

AM: Very good – both from a consumer standpoint, but also from the market reactions. When we launched it end of Q1 this year, I wasn’t sure about the reactions, but they were overwhelmingly positive: this makes sense, this simplifies the process. It gave our team more energy, and proof that we’re on the right track.

BI: You had some scrappy years before you managed to generate revenue. Has your advertisement platform given the results you hoped for?

AM: Last year was an interesting year we spent building up our advertisement platform. We went from almost zero to $6,5 million (SEK 56 million) in revenues, and met our goal. We’re expecting to triple that this year. It’s going to be a very fun year. The revenue gives us room to generate healthy revenues and focus on the long term. So we’re very happy about that.

For us, ads is just one revenue stream. We have other revenue streams in the pipeline as well. The question is how you monetize on transactions in the future. That is something that takes time and something you need to invest in, and you need to let the market mature as well.

Truecaller's co-founders Alan Mamedi, CEO, and Nami Zarringhalam, CSO. Truecaller

BI: Let’s talk Africa. You already have some 50 million customers, and you recently announced a major expansion. What do you want to achieve there?

AM: Three years ago, we said India will in a year be where China was at that point, and that in three years, Africa will be where India is. We predicted the market, and now is the right time to double down and expand. Since we are a healthy company, we don’t need money to grow the business. We can take those bold decisions to go into a market.

What’s really interesting from a financial perspective looking at India, looking at how the economy has grown, you will soon see the same type of growth in Africa too. In Nigeria, you have a population of 190 million people, and a smartphone penetration of 30 percent. What happens in a few years, when that number doubles or quadruples? That will change the game.

It’s very important to be a first mover in a market, just like in the mobile gaming industry. After you’ve seized the market, it’s all about innovating and staying relevant to your customers all the time.

BI: KPCB, Sequoia and John Doerr are among your investors. How is it to have them on board? How do you balance out the advisory voices?

AM: They are not just great names, they provide a lot of value through market insights, recruitment and introductions. The good thing with these investors, is that they are very supportive in your decisions. If they have concerns, they will raise them. But they are also very clear about the fact that the choice is ultimately ours. That’s what differentiates really good investors.

In the early days, when we – like everyone else – considered going big in the U.S., it helped to have the balanced opinions of a global board. Sequoia for instance have some of their largest investments in China and India, so they’re not biased to certain markets. They know there are opportunities everywhere. You just pick one of them, and stay 100 percent focused.

With Swedish investors, it’s very common that you focus on the U.S. or Europe, and you go all in. It may be right or wrong, but it needs to be what the founders want to do.

BI: What was your hardest decision, or regret, in the past years?

AM: If there’s something we should have done earlier, that would have been merging TrueDialler and TrueMessenger with Truecaller earlier. We were waiting too long I would say. It had nothing to do with investors, but about the timing we thought was right. In hindsight, we should have done it much earlier. That’s something I reflect on sometimes.

One thing we are doing, which might be helpful to other entrepreneurs to know as well, is four board meetings per year at locations where our users are, such as India or the U.S. This way we give shareholders better understanding to what our consumers think about our product. One time we went out to ten different houses where our users live, and just interviewed them. We learned a lot.

BI: Talk about the challenges of being an immigrant in Sweden. What did you learn from your journey?

AM: What I and my co-founder learned during our childhood and after school, is that as an immigrant, you have to work harder to get a job. In order to be successful as an entrepreneur, you need to work extremely hard. You can’t expect to work for less than 15 hours per day. If you come from a mentality where you’re always expected to work twice as hard, it becomes natural to you. That’s one thing that has been driving us.

The second thing is, we wanted to go against this wave. We didn’t want to build a Swedish company, but a global company with a global product. This requires people from all over the world to contribute with different thinking. We also want to be the best at integrating people, so we make sure to organize Swedish Christmas bashes.

BI: What interests you in today’s tech world?

AM: I think Truecaller is working on some of the most interesting areas in technology, which is identification and authentication in the online world. How do you prevent people from identity theft? Look at the e-commerce business in India for example: a big percentage of orders are fraudulent because there is an identification problem.

It started with phone calls, and I think it will be a bigger issue in the future. That’s where we – with the trust of our customers, and with great technology and great people working on AI – can make sure we are on the consumers’ side and help them, enable them and protect them.

BI: Tim Cook has talked about AR – which will mean the death of the smartphone. Will Truecaller be around without smartphones?

AM: Time will tell. AR is a very interesting area, but I think it will be a complement. I’m not sure it’s gonna be the thing that replaces phones - not in the coming 5 to 10 years, but who knows.

That’s what I mean with staying relevant, you always need to understand the future and see where it’s heading.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/what-i-learned-from-renting-a-rolex-2016-7/What wearing a $6,000 Rolex for a month taught a 24-year-old about wealth and statuscaption The Rolex Explorer on my tiny wrist.

I was so excited when it arrived. I opened the box and was immediately enraptured by its sublime beauty.

Ad

It seemed that this Rolex Explorer was made not of stainless steel, but some kind of unearthly metal. Quite simply, it felt like nothing I had ever held before. I found myself checking the time on the watch not because I needed to know, but just because I wanted to catch a glimpse of its face again.

I was sure that this gorgeous piece of horological perfection was going to rock my world.

But first impressions aren't everything, and infatuation eventually wears off.

As amazed as I was by the Rolex's hefty weight, incredible attention to detail, and pinpoint accuracy, I couldn't shake the feeling: I was wearing $6,000 on my wrist.

I didn't own the watch (it was a rental from the good folks at Eleven James, who let me try their service), but that didn't change things. I was conscious of it nearly all of the time. Walking down the street, riding the subway, shopping in stores, I was aware of the (surprisingly light) lug of metal and clockwork on my wrist. The guilt was immediate and unavoidable.

This stemmed from my foolish fear that people would notice it, and therefore treat me differently. This fear ended up being completely unfounded, as only one friend noticed it before I told them about it.

Only those with a keen eye for timepieces noticed what it was - pretty much everyone else completely ignored it, likely mistaking it for any other stainless steel watch and wristband. I'm pretty sure I got more comments on my usual Seiko 5, which I bought for just $60 on Amazon.

I realized nobody can really tell what you're wearing on your wrist unless you show them intentionally. And if you're wearing an expensive watch, do you really want to shout about it? If you bring it to the attention of anyone you don't know very well, you'll just look like a jerk.

I quickly realized that the only reason you should buy and wear an expensive watch is because you want to - not because you're trying to impress anyone. Unless you wheel and deal with watch aficionados, you're probably not going to.

When you're spending this kind of cash on yourself, you should be spending it for your own enjoyment. Don't wear a luxury watch for prestige and status because it's not going to work. The only ones who will notice and comment on it are already experts. And if you get to talking with them and don't know your Tourbillon from your chronograph, you'll look silly anyway.

When I strapped on the Rolex, I thought it was going to change my world. It didn't, but it did change my worldview.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/mitchells-and-butlers-shares-crash-as-pound-slump-pushes-up-costs-2017-11/Shares in the company behind All Bar One are crashingcaption A man sits in an All Bar One bar in Fulham. source John Li/Getty Images

Mitchells & Butlers reports 18% fall in profits as fall in the pound pushes up costs.

Shares fall 10% at the open but have since recovered slightly.

LONDON - Shares in pub and restaurant owner Mitchells & Butlers are falling on Thursday morning after the company reported a steep fall in profits and warned of Brexit-related headwinds.

Ad

Mitchells & Butlers, which owns chains such as All Bar One, Toby Carvery, Harvesters, and Nicholson's pubs, said that pre-tax profit for the year fell 18% to £77 million. Revenue rose 4.5% to £2.1 billion but rising costs meant the company failed to capitalise on rising sales.

"Cost headwinds across the industry have adversely affected margins but we continue to work hard to mitigate as much of these as possible through our focus on efficiency and profitable sales growth," CEO Phil Urban said.

Mitchells & Butlers blamed the "unprecedented cost headwinds" on the collapse in the value of the pound after last year's Brexit referendum. The pound fell to a 31-year-low against the dollar and a 7-year-low against the euro in the wake of the June 2016 vote.

The company also warns that Brexit could impact its business in three key ways in the future:

by depressing consumer confidence;

changes in employment and immigration laws;

and further changes in sterling impacting on input costs.

Mitchells & Butlers' share price fell 10% at the open in London and remains over 8% lower at 9.30 a.m. GMT (4.30 a.m. ET).

source Markets Insider

Mike van Dulken, head of research at Accendo Markets, said in an email: "Investors are clearly focusing on cost issues affecting the whole industry. These include the living wage, business rates, apprenticeship levy, sugar tax, restaurant discounting, changes in consumer habits (eating out less frequently, but spending more) and Brexit uncertainty.

"An early decision not to pay an interim dividend, pending a year-end assessment, also suggests a murky outlook that is sapping management confidence."

Mitchells & Butlers' warning on rising costs comes in stark contrast to JD Wetherspoon. Tim Martin, the founder of the pub chain and a staunch Brexit supporter, said that a "hard Brexit" would "reduce the average cost of a meal by about 3.5 pence and the cost of a drink by 0.5 pence" at one of his pubs.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/apple-supplier-foxconn-to-stop-using-illegal-intern-labour-on-iphone-x-2017-11/Apple supplier Foxconn says it will stop using illegal intern labour to assemble the iPhone Xcaption A Foxconn employee. source REUTERS/Bobby Yip

The Apple supplier Foxconn has admitted to using illegal intern labour to assemble the iPhone X.

Students said they worked 11-hour days, which is a breach of Chinese labour law.

The scandal comes after Apple reportedly faced delays in getting the iPhone X to customers.

The Apple supplier Foxconn has said it will stop using illegal intern labour in its factories that are used to assemble technology products for some of the world's biggest companies, according to a report by BBC News.

Ad

Foxconn's use of interns on its production lines was first reported by the Financial Times. Six students told the newspaper that they regularly worked 11-hour shifts assembling Apple's new iPhone X, which is a breach of Chinese labour law. The Financial Times said a group of 3,000 interns worked in Foxconn's factories.

The students, who were reportedly ages 17 to 19, told the Financial Times that their work at Foxconn was work experience that they had to do to complete their education.

Now, Foxconn has told BBC News it has ended its practice of letting interns work overtime. The company reportedly said it took "immediate action to ensure that no interns are carrying out any overtime work," and it said interns represented "a very small percentage" of its overall workforce.

Apple told BBC News it was "dedicated to ensuring everyone in our supply chain is treated with the dignity and respect they deserve." It continued: "We know our work is never done and we'll continue to do all we can to make a positive impact and protect workers in our supply chain."

It's an embarrassing story for Apple, which has regularly faced criticism over the supply chain of its products. Apple had to ask the Chinese mining company Huayou to stop using child labour after Sky News found it was using children as young as 4 to mine for the material.

Foxconn has faced its own issues in the past: In 2010 a series of employees died in suicides after working long hours in the factory, which eventually led the company to erect suicide nets on its buildings designed to prevent future deaths.

The iPhone X faced production problems

The KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo covers Apple's supply chain in Asia and regularly covered delays with the iPhone X. He said Apple faced shortages on key components of the device, which meant it struggled to get the phones it needed ready for when it went on sale.

Apple CEO Tim Cook was asked about the potential of delays to the iPhone X in an interview with BuzzFeed. The executive gave a rather diplomatic answer: "We'll see what happens, but we'll be working as hard as possible to make as many as possible."http://nordic.businessinsider.com/the-uk-is-on-course-for-longest-fall-in-living-standards-since-records-began-2017-11/The UK is on course for longest fall in living standards since records begancaption Philip Hammond (C) leaves Downing Street with his Treasury team source Jack Taylor/Getty Images

Stark new report shows the UK faces the lowest productivity growth since 1812.

Resolution Foundation Budget analysis shows Britain is on course for the longest period of falling living standards since the 1950s.

Treasury analysis finds poorest households will be hit hardest by long-term policy.

LONDON - The United Kingdom is on course for its longest period of falling living standards since records began in the 1950s, analysis published following the Budget has found.

Ad

The report published by the Resolution Foundation titled "Freshly Squeezed" says that there is a "bleak outlook" for Britain's families, as living standards fall for the longest period ever documented.

The analysis shows that average wages will not return to their 2007 peak until 2025, three years later than was forecast in the Budget in March of this year.

The think tank also found that the Office of Budget Responsibility handed Philip Hammond the biggest downgrade to productivity forecasts since its creation in 2010, as the OBR slashed its growth forecasts for the UK economy as well.

The chancellor announced that GDP growth forecasts had been revised down every year until 2021, including from 2% to 1.5% in 2017, partly due to waning productivity but also due to uncertainty over Brexit.

The report shows that productivity growth will be at just 0.1% by the end of 2017, which would make this the worst decade for productivity growth since 1812 when Britain was in the midst of the Napoleonic Wars.

caption Chancellor Philip Hammond presents his despatch box in Downing Street source Jack Taylor/Getty Images

Torsten Bell, the director of the Resolution Foundation said: "Following years of incremental changes, yesterday the OBR handed down the mother of all economic downgrades pushing up borrowing for the Treasury.

"While Philip Hammond chose to take a relaxed approach to additional borrowing, families are unlikely to do so when it comes to the deeply troubling outlook for their living standards that the Budget numbers set out.

"Families are now projected to be in the early stages of the longest period of continuous falls in disposable incomes in over 60 years - longer even than that following the financial crisis."

Real household disposable incomes are set to fall for an unprecedented 19 successive quarters between 2015 and 2020, according to the foundation.

The report also criticised the government's announcement that stamp duty would be abolished for first time buyers on houses up to £300,000, suggesting that the £3 billion cost of the measure could have supported the building of 40,000 social rented properties or 140,000 homes through the Housing Infrastructure Fund.

The foundation's analysis shows that the policy is set to cost £160,000 for every new homeowner created, which would have been sufficient to buy people typically priced properties in over a quarter of English and Welsh local authorities.

Bell said: "On the substance of the Budget the Chancellor has made the right call in boosting housing investment and focusing on this key issue of intergenerational concern. However, yesterday's stamp duty rabbit is in reality a very poor way to boost home ownership. Its £3bn cost could have been better spent building 140,000 new homes through the government's own Housing Investment Fund.

"Faced with a grim economic backdrop the Chancellor will see this Budget as a political success. But that would be cold comfort for Britain's families given the bleak outlook it paints for their living standards."

Budget will hit poorer households harder in long-term

Analysis from the Treasury shows that the budget will have a harder long-term impact on the poorest households the most, through changes to tax, welfare and public spending.

The government's own household impact assessment documents show that those in the bottom income brackets will be affected the most by policy changes, as well as those at the very top. Both groups will lose nearly 2% of their net incomes by 2019/20.

Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn told HuffPost that Hammond was "revising people's wages and living standards down."

He said: "The poorest tenth of households will lose about 10% of their income by 2022, while the richest will lose just 1%.

"So much for 'tackling burning injustices'. This government is tossing fuel on the fire."http://nordic.businessinsider.com/british-gas-centrica-share-price-fall-profit-warning-2017-11/British Gas-owner Centrica is heading for its biggest ever one-day share price dropcaption A British Gas van and driver. source British Gas/Centrica

Centrica shares fall 17% at the open after it warns of British Gas customer exodus and "significant market pressure" in North America.

Energy provider's shares are at a fresh 14-year low and heading for biggest ever one-day fall.

LONDON - British Gas-owner Centrica's share price collapsed on Thursday after a profit warning from the energy provider.

Ad

Centrica said in a trading update on Thursday that British Gas has lost 823,000 household energy supply customers since June. The company announced a 12.5% hike to energy prices in August.

Centrica's business energy supply operation is also suffering, with the company warning of "significant pressure market pressure" in North America. It is booking a one-off £46 million charge in the market.

Centrica cut its earnings guidance for the year to 12.5p per share, compared to a market consensus of 15p, and shares have plummeted. The stock is down close to 16% at 8.45 a.m. GMT (3.45 a.m. ET).

source Markets Insider

Centrica is now at a new 14-year low and Neil Wilson, a senior analyst at ETX Markets, says the drop puts Centrica on track for a record one-day share price fall.

"The practice of blue-chip companies tanking on profit warnings is becoming something of a trend this year," Wilson said in an email. "Centrica is the latest member of the club with shares plunging 17% in early trading after warning on profits. Shares are down two-thirds in the last four years."

Russ Mould, AJ Bell's Investment Director, points out in an email that "British Gas will become the ninth current FTSE 100 member firm to have suffered a drop of 10% or more in a single trading day this year" if it closes at current levels.

Lee Wild, head of equity strategy at Interactive Investor, said in an email: "Centrica is already in a dark place given the exodus of customers from its British Gas business, and the market did not want to hear about a further deterioration both here and in North America.

"Despite attempts to reassure that the generous dividend is safe, the risk of a cut remains very real as the government continues a crackdown on expensive energy bills."

Business, Energy, and Industry Strategy Department said in August that the government is "ruling nothing out" in the energy market and UK Prime Minister Theresa May has pledged to crackdown on energy prices.

Rival energy provider SSE is down 2.2% on Thursday morning, as investors fret that British Gas' problems may not be limited to the company.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/thecityuk-legal-sector-post-brexit-2017-11/The 311,000-strong legal industry is seeking protection from Brexitsource Getty Images

A new report by industry body TheCityUK said the government must do more to ensure the UK remains the "jurisdiction of choice" for legal services after Brexit.

Agreeing a transitional arrangement and ensuring mutual access to services and talent for the UK and EU should be a "high priority," the report said.

The UK's legal services are integral to the economy, it said, and employs over 311,000 people nationwide.

Ad

LONDON - The government must take steps to ensure the UK remains the "jurisdiction of choice" after Brexit, the professional services industry body said on Thursday.

In a report outlining the importance of the UK's legal services to the wider economy, TheCityUK's new report called for greater action from the government to support the international primary of English law. Securing continued mutual access to skills and talent for both the UK and EU-27 should be a "high priority," the report said.

"It is essential that the government places a high priority on this, together with a rapid agreement of transitional arrangements and a bespoke future relationship that delivers mutual market access based on mutual regulatory recognition and cooperation," said Miles Celic, CEO of TheCityUK.

According to the report, the legal sector is crucial to the UK's economy. Total legal services made up 1.5% of the UK economy in 2015, it said, and the sector employs over 311,000 people - two thirds of whom are based outside London.

"Law and legal services are a cornerstone of the broader financial and related professional services cluster that makes the UK the leading international business hub," the report said. Therefore, "a strong, competitive and well-regulated legal services sector is essential for sustainable economic growth," it said.

The UK legal sector's trade surplus was nearly £4 billion in 2016, the report said, and revenue generated by legal activities in the UK was £31.5 billion in 2016. Globally, it said, the UK was second worldwide for legal services fee revenue last year, with the US in first place.

This global dominance was driven by the fact that 27% of the world's 320 legal jurisdictions use English common law, it said, which was used in 40% of all global corporates arbitrations in 2015.

The UK's legal sector is "one of the jewels in the crown," said Gary Campkin, policy and strategy director at TheCityUK at a Justice Committee hearing last year. "It is part of the reason why London, and the UK, is the leading global financial centre," he said.

In 2016/17, the report said, the majority of large firms saw an increase in revenue, with the top 100 UK firms generating over £22 billion.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/gibraltar-faces-the-existential-threat-of-a-hard-brexit-with-no-transition-deal-2017-11/Gibraltar faces the 'existential threat' of a hard Brexit with no transition dealsource Reuters / Paul Hanna

British Brexit negotiators have made no proposal on the status of Gibraltar once Britain has left the European Union, according to reports.

The British overseas territory faces the "existential threat" crashing out of the single market and being excluded from a transition deal.

Ad

LONDON - Gibraltar is reportedly facing the "existential threat" of crashing out of the single market in March 2019 and not being included in any transition deal between Britain and the European Union that follows.

A source within Spanish government has told the Guardian that the UK is yet to make a proposal to EU negotiators on what the status of the British overseas territory should be after Britain leaves the EU.

Gibraltar is on the southern coast of Spain with a population of around 30,000. It has been a British territory for over three centuries and voted overwhelmingly to stay in the European Union, with 96% of voters backing Remain.

However, to the UK's surprise, the EU's negotiating guidelines published earlier this year backed Spain in the long-standing dispute over the Rock, insisting it would be outside any future trade arrangement unless an agreement is reached between London and Madrid. This includes any transition deal, the Spanish government source claimed.

"I think the situation with Gibraltar is crystal clear," the source cited by the Guardian said.

"Gibraltar became associated with the EU project because of their dependence in the UK. This is going to stay until March 2019. In 2019 when the UK leaves the EU, Gibraltar will leave with the UK."

"This is what we are telling the Gibraltarians. If you want to have your existing status, you will have to talk with us. And I cannot understand why Picardo has refused to do so. I think in the past he has played very hard on the other side. But reality arrives."

Gibraltar's Prime Minister, Fabian Picardo, has previously claimed that a hard Brexit - ie leaving the single market with no transitional apparatus in place - would pose an "existential threat" to the territory because of its economic dependency on Britain's membership of the EU's internal market.

Prime Minister Theresa May has vowed to secure a Brexit deal that "works for Gibraltar as well as the United Kingdom" amid concerns that she'd be prepared to sacrifice Britain's control over the territory to secure favourable trade arrangements with the EU.

The overwhelming majority of Gibraltans want to remain controlled by Britain. Spain is yet to fully abandon its hope of regaining at least some control over the territory which it lost to British-Dutch forces in the early 18th century.

Speaking after the June Brexit vote, Spain's former foreign minister Jose Manuel Garcia-Margallo said he hoped that to seeing the "Spanish flag on the rock [Gilbraltar]" was "much closer" to becoming reality.

Both the British and Gibraltar governments have consistently rejected both the possibility of Gibraltar being shared between Britain and Spain and the unlikelier prospect of it returning to total Spanish control.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/germany-merkel-coalition-talks-political-chaos-britain-brexit-2017-11/Why political chaos in Germany will not hand Britain a Brexit advantagecaption Prime Minister Theresa May (L) with German Chancellor Angela Merkel source Axel Schmidt/Reuters

German political instability will not give the UK any advantage on Brexit.

Experts tell Business Insider the political turmoil in Berlin will no "have any major impact on Brexit.

Brexit is not a "big issue" in Germany.

LONDON - Talks about forming a coalition government in Germany collapsed on Sunday, causing political instability in the most powerful country in the European Union.

Ad

The unprecedented failure of coalition talks has meant that another election could occur in January, four months after the country last went to the polls. On Monday Chancellor Angela Merkel said she would prefer to hold new elections to leading a minority government.

The development has led some prominent Brexit-supporting Conservative MPs to push UK prime minister Theresa May to "take advantage" of the situation and Merkel's weakness to suspend plans to increase the UK's offer for the divorce bill after Brexit.

Backbench Conservative MP Jacob Rees-Mogg told The Times it would be "foolish" to approve a higher financial settlement for the EU, and former Tory leader Ian Duncan Smith urged the government to "sit tight" as the situation had tipped Brexit negotiation into chaos.

However, experts on German politics have told Business Insider that British politicians have vastly overestimated the significance of Brexit in German politics.

Dr Charlotte Galpin of the University of Birmingham said: "I wouldn't expect this to have any major impact on Brexit... Brexit has always been very low down on German politicians' list of priorities."

Dr Hartwig Pautz of the University of West Scotland told BI: "I don't think Brexit is seen to be a big issue in Germany - the decision has been taken, after all."

Galpin said: "I would see it as irrelevant. Germany does still have a government, and this idea of a crisis in Germany is being overstated in the UK press.

"I'm not sure I see any scope for change on something like the so-called divorce bill. From a German point of view, it's about the UK paying its commitments and the responsibilities it has already made to contribute to the EU budget. So there's a very different conception in Germany of what this divorce bill conflict is all about."

The former German ambassador to the UK told the Independent that instability in Berlin is "bad news for Britain," not a situation to take advantage of.

Thomas Matussek said: "I think the German instability is bad news for Britain, it's bad news for Europe but, most of all it is bad news for the Germans ... You have a normally loud and constructive voice which has been silenced. You have a country that is looking inward and is self-absorbed.

No concessions from Germany

caption Prime Minister Theresa May and German Chancellor Angela Merkel at the G20 summit on July 7, 2017, in Hamburg, Germany. source (Photo by Stefan Rousseau - Pool/Getty Images)

The UK should also not expect Germany to make concessions whether it has a stable government or not, but the current situation makes German Brexit interventions all the more unlikely.

Pautz, a co-convenor of the German Politics Specialist Group at the Political Studies Association said: "The German government is a caretaker government so they won't be willing to make significant moves on the European stage.

"Convention has it that caretaker governments should not make decisions that limit what the next legitimate government can do."

Galpin told BI: "All of the mainstream parties in Germany are more or less united on their approach to Brexit in that the guiding principle is unity amongst the EU27 and that there should be no cherry-picking of what country's like about the EU.

"With the latest developments I would expect that still remains the case, but perhaps it would be even less likely that the UK government might get concessions from Germany."

Pautz made it clear that Germans do not understand why Brexit is happening so slowly and why talks do not advance. He said: "The political class looks at Britain with some sort of bewilderment - about both the decision itself and about why progress in the negotiations doesn't happen. People think they're playing party politics on the back of the EU.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/mothercare-shares-crash-half-year-loss-2017-11/Mothercare shares crash 17% as concerns about the High Street growcaption Customers leave a Mothercare shop. source REUTERS/Suzanne Plunkett

Mothercare falls to a half-year loss as international operations weigh on the business.

CEO warns of recent "softening in the UK market."

Shares crash 17% at the open, as investors remain jittery about UK retail.

LONDON - Mothercare has become the latest British retailer to warn of difficult trading conditions, sending shares crashing 17% at the open on Thursday.

Ad

Mothercare published half-year results on Thursday, showing it slipped to a loss of £700,000 in the first six months of the year, compared to a £5.9 million profit in the first six months of last year.

UK sales rose 2.5% in the period but international performance dragged the business down. International sales fell 8% and Mothercare CEO Mark Newton-Jones said there is "no clear sight as to when things will bottom out" in the Middle East, its worst performing region.

Mothercare shares crashed 17% at the open and remain around 15% lower after 20 minutes of trade in London:

source Markets Insider

While international weakness is the main reason behind Mothercare's poor performance, the baby and toddler retailer warned that it is starting to see issues in the UK, its core market.

Newton-Jones said: "Towards the end of the reporting period, and in subsequent weeks, we have seen a softening in the UK market with lower footfall and spend which is consistent with recent industry reports."

Independent retail analyst Nick Bubb says in an email: "City analysts will no doubt be getting their red pens out as they re-jig their P&L models," on the back of Newton-Jones' comment.

Retail goliaths John Lewis and Next are among the many shops to have warned of tough trading conditions this year and recent Visa/IHS Markit data showed the fastest fall in consumer spending for four years, as inflation hits people in their pockets. Visa warned on Monday that it expects Christmas spending to fall for the first time in half a decade this year.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/bitcoin-cash-price-rises-november-23-2017-11/Bitcoin cash is jumpingBitcoin cash up 17% against the dollar on Thursday morning.

The rise follows integration of the cryptocurrency with digital wallet Bitwalla and the exchange Bitstamp.

LONDON - Cryptocurrency Bitcoin Cash is jumping against the dollar on Thursday morning.

The digital currency, which was split off from bitcoin earlier this year, is up 16% against the greenback to $1,518.10 as of 7.45 a.m. GMT (2.45 a.m. ET):

source Markets Insider

The jump in price follows positive news flow surrounding bitcoin cash. Digital wallet provider Bitwalla, which has over 57,000, announced on Wednesday that it is allowing customers to hold bitcoin cash.

Separately, Bitstamp, the 12th biggest cryptocurrency exchange in the world, announced on Wednesday that it would be integrating bitcoin cash to its platform from December "in response to the demand."

However, bitcoin cash's price surge is not enough to put bitcoin cash in record territory. The cryptocurrency is still a way off its all-time of $1953.67, reached on November 12.

Elsewhere in the cryptocurrency space, bitcoin is down 0.5% against the dollar and ethereum is down 0.02% against the dollar.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/snaplogic-founder-gaurav-dhillon-talks-ipo-2017-11/The CEO of SnapLogic tells us why he's so enthusiastic about staging an IPOcaption SnapLogic CEO Gaurav Dhillon. source SnapLogic

SnapLogic CEO Gaurav Dhillon says he intends to stage an IPO for his company.

"If it has enough cash it has the ability to weather any storm," he says.

He sees Amazon's Jeff Bezos as a model CEO for a publically traded company.

Tech CEOs are often pretty cagey when you ask them if they will take their companies public. They don't like to give away corporate strategy as a rule, they prefer to keep their options open, and staging an IPO can be a total nightmare of red tape, lawyers, short-term thinking, and unwanted media scrutiny.

Ad

Going public might be good for investors. But it's usually a headache for CEOs.

Not so for Gaurav Dhillon, CEO of SnapLogic. The company gives companies that run multiple different types of software, on their own premises and in the cloud, an easy way to make them all talk to each other seamlessly - or "snap" together, to use the company's parlance. And Dhillon can't wait to get his enterprise cloud-software-integration platform to its IPO.

"Yes, I would like to do that," he told Business Insider at Web Summit, the big tech conference held every year in Lisbon. "When a company becomes public it gives the company ever-lasting life, in a sense. The company's public, it shares a listing in the proper way on the stock exchange, and if it has enough cash it has the ability to weather any storm."

Dhillon knows whereof he speaks. He took his last company, Informatica, public in 1999. It was later acquired back privately in a deal worth $5.3 billion (£3.9 billion). He spent five years running it as a publicly traded stock.

Dhillon declines to say what the current valuation of SnapLogic is, but there seems to be some sort of consensus that it is a "unicorn," meaning it is valued over $1 billion (£752 million). The San Mateo, California, company has taken $136 million (£102 million) in total funding from VC investors and has 300 employees globally.

"I know what I'm getting into," he says. "The truth is it's not about the listing, or the timing of it, or the wealth creation of it, it's about creating that sense of security to the other 3,000 or whatever companies on the globe who are not yet customers of ours."

But surely a company only gets that security if the stock goes up?

"True that. And you will see that no company ever has a stable stock price its whole life. Markets fluctuate, you know. My joke is you go from having one product to having two products: Your product and your stock price. So all of a sudden you become product manager of a stock price. But nevertheless, if it's done right it provides a capitalisation, it provides a durability of that enterprise. And also it sheds light on the workings of the company, that are actually good for it for the long term. If done right."

To get an idea of how Dhillon thinks a public company ought to be run, he says looks at Amazon's Jeff Bezos, whose stock is flying even though the company - infamously - usually runs at a loss.

"How did he do it? If done right, it does work. Jeff proves it every day. Every four or six quarters they will check in," he says, meaning that the company will show a surprise profit on the bottom line just to remind investors that they can do it if they want to. "It's not that you're not building a business, working hard, or responsibly. It's that you're investing in your business. But every four to six quarters, what the management team at Amazon does is they check in. They flash up the shorts. And boy, do they get it on the shorts. Bam!"

"They will produce a surprise amount of profit just for that ... to show that they're in control."

So when will he pull the trigger?

"You know it's not tomorrow, it's going to be when we're good and ready," he says. "I'll tell you when we'll do it: We'll do it when we have multiple products figured out, we'll do it when we have multiple geographies figured out, and we'll do it when we have bench strength in our management team. Any time all those three things are true, we will do it. But we're not going to do it based on just pure economics, or we can do it now, we should do it. But we won't do it on need."http://nordic.businessinsider.com/10-things-european-market-open-nov-23-2017-11/10 things you need to know before European markets opencaption The chief executive of Uber Technologies Inc, Khosrowshahi attends a meeting with Brazilian Finance Minister Meirelles in Brasilia source Thomson Reuters

Good morning! Here's what you need to know.

1. Governments around the globe launched investigations into Uber after the company disclosed it had covered up a breach that exposed data on millions of customers and drivers, the latest scandal to rock the ride-hailing firm. Authorities in Britain and the United States, two top Uber markets, as well as Australia and the Philippines said on Wednesday they would investigate the company's response to the data breach.

Ad

2. Asian shares edged ahead on Thursday as speculation the Federal Reserve might not tighten US policy as aggressively as first thought hit the dollar and boosted bonds globally. The dollar suffered its worst one-day fall in five months on Wednesday, while hitting a three-month trough against the Japanese yen.

3. Saudi Arabia has agreed to buy about $7 billion worth of precision guided munitions from US defense contractors, Reuters reported. Raytheon and Boeing are the companies selected in a deal that was part of a $110 billion weapons agreement that coincided with President Donald Trump's visit to Saudi Arabia in May.

4. The government will abolish stamp duty for all first-time homebuyers on homes under £300,000 in a move that will save home purchasers up to £5,000. The Stamp Duty Land Tax, which is levied on the purchase of new homes, currently has a much lower threshold of £125,000 for residential properties in the UK, and means that 80% of first-time buyers will no longer pay any no stamp duty.

5. Tesla has completed construction of the world's largest lithium ion battery in Australia. Tesla won a bid in July to build the 129 megawatt hour battery for South Australia, the country's most wind power-dependent state, with a vow from Chief Executive Elon Musk to install it within 100 days of signing a grid connection agreement or give it to the state for free.

6. It is strategically important for China's economy that the country enhances protection of intellectual property rights, Premier Li Keqiang said, as the cabinet promised to improve regulations. Inadequate protection of intellectual property had contributed to the decline in private investment, he added.

7. Deutsche Bank has joined the ranks of those warning about the virtual currency bitcoin as an investment. "I would simply not recommend this to the everyday investor," Ulrich Stephan, chief strategist at Germany's largest lender, said on Wednesday.

8. Venture capitalist Peter Thiel, Facebook's first institutional investor, has sold three-quarters of his remaining stake in the social network. Thiel, who is a member of Facebook's board, now owns 59,913 Class A shares in the company after selling 160,805 shares for about $29 million.

9. Jamie Dimon, chief executive officer of JPMorgan Chase, said he expects to see a new US president in 2021 and advised Democrats to come up with a "pro-free enterprise" agenda for jobs and economic growth. Asked at a luncheon hosted by The Economic Club of Chicago how many years President Donald Trump will be in office, Dimon said, "If I had to bet, I'd bet three and half. But the Democrats have to come up with a reasonable candidate... or Trump will win again" and have second four-year term.

10. Tech stocks remain the largest net sector exposure for equity hedge funds, which are set to deliver their strongest returns since 2013, Goldman Sachs said. Information technology accounts for 27% of hedge fund portfolios.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/joe-barton-nude-photo-leak-revenge-porn-police-investigation-2017-11/Capitol Police are reportedly investigating leaked nude photo of a Texas GOP lawmakercaption Rep. Joe Barton of Texas. source Alex Wong/Getty Images

A sexually explicit image of Republican Rep. Joe Barton of Texas surfaced on the internet on Tuesday.

Barton says the Capitol Hill police are investigating.

Barton reportedly once warned a woman that he would contact the police if she didn't stop communicating with other women he was previously romantically involved with.

The Washington Post on Wednesday said it had reviewed a 2015 recording of Republican Rep. Joe Barton of Texas warning a woman who received "inappropriate photographs and videos" of him that he might report the matter to the Capitol Hill police. An anonymous Twitter account published a lewd photo photo of Barton on Tuesday.

Ad

In a recording of the call, The Post said, Barton confronted the woman after she was discovered to have communicated with other women who were romantically involved with Barton. The woman is also believed to have forwarded explicit materials from Barton to the other women.

"I want your word that this ends," Barton said in the recording, according to The Post. "I will be completely straight with you. I am ready if I have to, I don't want to, but I should take all this crap to the Capitol Hill Police and have them launch an investigation. And if I do that, that hurts me potentially big time."

Barton reportedly continued, saying he would detail all of their exchanges to the police, including material he said he did not want to be publicly disclosed.

"You still apparently had all of those and were in position to use them in a way that would negatively affect my career," Barton reportedly said.

If the woman shared explicit images of Barton, that may violate Texas laws prohibiting "revenge porn," in which people publicize such material without consent as a form of retaliation, The Dallas Morning News reported Wednesday. Violators could face a year in jail and up to a $4,000 fine.

On Wednesday, Barton said in a statement that the Capitol Police would launch an investigation into the incident. The Capitol Police could not be reached by Business Insider for comment Wednesday evening.

"When I ended that relationship, she threatened to publicly share my private photographs and intimate correspondence in retaliation," Barton said, according to The Post.

The woman said she was in contact with Barton for five years, beginning in 2011, after she published a message on his Facebook page, according to The Post. Among the sexually explicit material he sent the woman was reportedly a video of him masturbating, which The Post said appeared to be the source of the photo released on Twitter on Tuesday. The woman interviewed by The Post said she did not publish the photo.

Barton, who said the two had a consensual relationship, was still married when they became romantically involved, according to The Post.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/why-are-asylum-seekers-refugees-near-australia-manus-island-2017-11/Why asylum seekers are still in an Australian detention center, even after Australia abandoned itcaption Asylum-seekers look through a fence at the Manus Island detention centre in Papua New Guinea source Thomson Reuters

Asylum seekers and refugees have allegedly been stabbed, beaten and robbed in Papua New Guinea, where they are being forced to leave a former detention center they've lived in for years.

Australia established the offshore processing center to discourage asylum seekers from taking dangerous boat trips, but officials have been forced to leave due to local laws.

The remaining men are scared for their lives and have few options.

More than 400 asylum seekers and refugees still lived in a former Australian detention center in Papua New Guinea when it was stormed by local police on Thursday.

Ad

The refugees have been urged to move to other centers but are worried for their safety. Instead, many have chosen to remain at the center they have been forced to live in for years.

In September, Human Rights Watch reported that several men who had left the center had been "stabbed, beaten, and robbed." Some men were too scared to leave the center to even talk to people representing Human Rights Watch.

In 2012, Australia recommenced offshore processing of asylum seekers who arrived by boat, to dissuade human traffickers and prevent hundreds from drowning at sea, and promised to never settle them in Australia.

Detainees were split between centers on Manus Island in Papua New Guinea and the country of Nauru. But last month, Australian officials left the Manus Island regional processing center, after the Papua New Guinea Supreme Court found the facility illegal in a 2016 ruling.

The center closed on October 31 and officials urged a small number of refugees to "apply" for a transfer to the detention center in Nauru and for the remaining men to return home or move to one of three transit centers near Lorengau, the main town on Manus Island, only one of which is reported to have medical facilities.

Because of attacks, and despite them, asylum seekers feel safer where they are

After reports of locals with machetes looting the center and attacking refugees on the island, many residents felt it was safer to stay where they are - even though food, water, and electricity are no longer provided.

"The police already, they beat some of the refugees and the local people. They attack the refugees and rob them. This place is not a safe place," Behrouz Boochani‏, a journalist and asylum seeker on Manus Island who was reportedly arrested on Thursday, recently told the ABC.

Visiting Manus Island in September, Human Rights Watch reported nearly every refugee and asylum seeker who was interviewed had experienced or witnessed violence.

The men reported having knives put to their throats, slashed wrists, fractured skulls and even being arrested for disturbing locals after being attacked. Assailants used knives, machetes, sticks, screwdrivers, and sometimes threw rocks.

In 2014, locals attacked the center and killed one refugee, and injured 51. And earlier this year drunk soldiers from Papua New Guinea's Defence Forces rammed the center and fired more than 100 shots, including from an M-16 assault rifle, into the center. The men feared for their lives.

Now locals are also angry that there was no consultation regarding the centers that were built in residential areas.

According to the Australian Associated Press, the Governor of Manus Island said locals fear they too will be in danger, so they have armed themselves with knives and other weapons as a precaution.

Few options on the outside

After promising to never resettle asylum seekers who arrive by boat in Australia, the federal government approached 30 countries to create a third country arrangement. Only three - the US, New Zealand and Cambodia - have offered resettlement.

However, far fewer people have been relocated than hoped.

Despite a $AU55 million ($42 million US) deal, Cambodia resettled only a handful of refugees and a top government official admitted the country doesn't have appropriate social programs to support them.

New Zealand recently offered to accept a number of refugees, but Australia's Immigration Minister said such a deal would "start the boats."

The US was expected to take up to 1,250 refugees under an Obama-era agreement. However, when President Donald Trump came into office, he called the deal "dumb."

So far, the US has agreed to resettle 54 refugees, but those on Manus Island are yet to be relocated.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/john-conyers-new-accuser-melanie-sloan-2017-11/Woman says she was called 'mentally unstable' after accusing Rep. John Conyers of abusive behaviorcaption Democratic Rep. John Conyers Jr. of Michigan. source AP

A former staffer who worked for Democratic Rep. John Conyers Jr. has come forward to accuse the top lawmaker of inappropriate and abusive behavior.

She alleged that she was once summoned by Conyers and found him half-dressed.

Her account follows other similar claims directed at Conyers.

For the first time, a former staff member of Democratic Rep. John Conyers Jr. of Michigan has publicly come forward to allege that the top lawmaker contributed to a hostile work environment, according to a Washington Post report published Wednesday.

Ad

Melanie Sloan, who served with Conyers from 1995 to 1998, alleged in the report that she was verbally abused by Conyers, who is now the ranking Democrat on the House Judiciary Committee. Within this time, Sloan said that she saw and experienced similar claims that were made public in recent days, after allegations of sexual misconduct began to emerge.

Sloan alleged that Conyers yelled at her and was critical of her appearance, according to The Post. She also said that at one point, she saw him in his underwear after she was summoned to his office, but said she did not believe she was sexually harassed.

"I was pretty taken aback to see my boss half-dressed," Sloan said told The Post. "I turned on my heel and I left."

Sloan said she repeatedly sought help from her supervisors, but was ignored, according to the newspaper.

"There was nothing I could do to stop it," she said. "I was dismissed and told I must be mentally unstable."

Conyers' attorney denied Sloan's allegations and told The Post that Conyers "has never done anything inappropriate to Melanie Sloan."

The House Ethics Committee launched an investigation Tuesday, following a BuzzFeed News report that said Conyers had settled a wrongful dismissal complaint with a former employee who alleged she was fired for refusing his "sexual advances."

Other reports soon emerged, including one employee who alleged Conyers had made inappropriate contact, such as "rubbing on her shoulders, kissing her forehead, making inappropriate comments, covering and attempting to hold her hand," the Post said.

Conyers reportedly denied settling the sexual harassment cases, but later confirmed he had, adding that he still "vehemently denied the allegations."http://nordic.businessinsider.com/robert-mueller-michael-flynn-russia-investigation-lobbying-turkey-2017-11/Mueller is zeroing in on Michael Flynncaption Michael Flynn. source Kevin Hagen/Getty Images

Robert Mueller, the special counsel leading the Russia investigation, is looking into Bijan Kian, a former business associate of former national security adviser Michael Flynn.

Mueller is primarily interested in gauging what role Kian played in Flynn Intel Group's lobbying activity for a Turkish businessman with ties to Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.

Flynn has come under scrutiny because of his contacts with Russian officials and his work as a foreign agent, and recent revelations could mean Mueller sees Flynn as his next target.

Robert Mueller, the special counsel leading the Russia investigation, is looking into an associate of the former national security adviser Michael Flynn, NBC News reported Wednesday, in a likely sign that the inquiry is steering toward Flynn's activities.

Ad

Mueller is tasked with looking into Russia's interference in the 2016 election as well as whether any members of President Donald Trump's campaign colluded with Moscow to tilt the race in his favor.

When it comes to Flynn, Mueller is focused mainly on his work as a foreign agent and his lobbying activities, throughout the latter half of 2016, for a businessman with ties to the Turkish government.

Flynn was paid $530,000 last year by the businessman, Ekim Alptekin, who is a member of a Turkish economic-relations board run by an appointee of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. Alptekin is also the head of Inovo, a consulting firm.

Flynn's firm was tasked with fomenting dissent inside Turkey and with lobbying the US government to extradite Fethullah Gulen, a Turkish cleric living in Pennsylvania who Erdogan believes is responsible for planning last year's attempted coup.

Flynn Intel Group was required, under the Foreign Agents Registration Act, to register as a foreign agent as soon as it secured the contract with Inovo, but it did not do so until months later. It acknowledged in a filing that its work could have "principally benefited" Turkey.

The latest focus for Mueller, NBC News reported Wednesday, is Bijan Kian, a former business partner of Flynn's. Mueller is reportedly seeking to gauge what role, if any, Kian played in securing the Inovo contract for Flynn Intel Group. The special counsel's office also wants to know whether Kian has any information about other lobbying efforts the firm may have undertaken that have not yet been disclosed, NBC News said.

Sources told NBC News that prosecutors were also interested in a September 20, 2016, meeting between Kian, Flynn, and the pro-Russia congressman Dana Rohrabacher.

caption Robert Mueller. source Thomson Reuters

Mueller turns up the heat on Flynn

The Russia investigation has ramped up in recent weeks, particularly after a federal grand jury indicted Trump's former campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, and one of his associates, Rick Gates, in October on 12 counts related to money laundering, financial crimes, and their work as foreign agents.

Since then, multiple media reports have suggested that Mueller is zeroing in on Flynn, who legal experts have said could be increasingly vulnerable in the Russia investigation.

Mueller's team subpoenaed the lobbying firm SGR LLC in August after Flynn Intel Group hired the firm ostensibly to "promote a good business climate in Turkey," The Washington Post reported. Flynn's firm hired SGR as part of its work with Inovo.

Though Flynn Intel Group's initial stated goal in hiring SGR was to foster a stronger business climate in Turkey, it was later forced to indicate that it brought SGR on to "raise concerns" to the US about Gulen.

At the beginning of November, NBC News reported that Mueller had enough evidence to indict Flynn and his son, Michael Flynn Jr.

A former business associate of Flynn's said the younger Flynn had a prominent role in Flynn Intel Group's day-to-day operations and served as his father's chief of staff, and Mueller could be turning up the heat on the younger Flynn to prompt his father's cooperation in the investigation. CNN also reported that Flynn and his wife, Lori, were worried their son could get caught in the crosshairs of the investigation.

It's unclear who the source of the NBC News report about a possible Flynn indictment was, but legal experts floated the possibility that the leak came from Flynn's defense team, which could have been using it in an effort to secure a pardon from Trump.

source George Frey/Getty Images

Patrick Cotter, a former federal prosecutor who is now a white-collar defense attorney at Greensfelder, Hemker & Gale, P.C., said earlier this month that the younger Flynn's aggressive social-media campaign against Mueller and the Russia investigation suggested that he refused to flip and was hoping for a presidential pardon. Cotter also pointed to Trump's apparent loyalty to Flynn, who was one of his most prominent campaign surrogates before becoming national security adviser.

"The president of the United States, who has virtually unlimited pardon power, has gone on the record, in public, and said he doesn't think Flynn should be prosecuted," Cotter said.

"If you're Flynn's attorney, the possibility of a pardon is something you'd think about," he added. "It's an amazing thing to have the president, before your client is charged, saying publicly that he doesn't think they should even be investigated, much less charged."

Flynn was forced to resign in February when it emerged that he had misled Vice President Mike Pence about his contacts with Sergey Kislyak, then Russia's ambassador to the US, during the transition period. Three weeks earlier, Sally Yates, then the acting attorney general, warned the White House that Flynn could be vulnerable to Russian blackmail over his conversations with Kislyak.

Trump also ignored advice during the transition period from President Barack Obama, who fired Flynn as head of the Defense Intelligence Agency in 2014, to steer clear of Flynn.

The FBI was already investigating Flynn when he resigned. He informed the Trump transition team in January, before the inauguration, that he was the subject of a separate FBI investigation related to his lobbying work for Turkey. He joined the administration as national security adviser shortly after.

Flynn's activities came up in a February conversation between Trump and the FBI director at the time, James Comey. Comey testified before the Senate Intelligence Committee in June that soon after Flynn resigned, Trump approached him and asked him to "let this go," referring to the bureau's investigation into the former national security adviser. Comey said he refused to assure Trump that the FBI would do so.

Trump fired Comey in May, later citing "this Russia thing" as a factor in his decision.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/peter-thiel-might-buy-gawker-com-report-2017-11/Controversial billionaire Peter Thiel might be looking to buy Gawker.com — the news site he helped Hulk Hogan take downsource Alex Wong/Getty Images

BuzzFeed reports that lawyers for influential billionaire Peter Thiel are objecting to him being left out of the sale process for Gawker.com, indicating possible interest from Thiel to bid on the domain and its archive of articles.

Peter Thiel financed wrestler Hulk Hogan's lawsuit against Gawker Media, eventually forcing it into a 2016 bankruptcy and a fire sale to Univision.

If Thiel ends up being allowed to bid on Gawker.com and wins the auction, he would get the site's archives, branding, and social media accounts.

It looks like controversial billionaire Peter Thiel, a Facebook board member and Donald Trump's biggest supporter in Silicon Valley, might be interested in buying Gawker.com - the news site he helped force into bankruptcy.

Ad

In October 2017, the The Wall Street Journal reported that Gawker bankruptcy plan administrators were looking to sell the Gawker.com domain, and were searching for buyers.

The problem, it seems, is that Thiel's lawyers believe he's being unfairly excluded from the bidding process, and that the sale should be paused until the matter is resolved. This is according to a bankruptcy court filing made on Wednesday by Thiel's lawyers, which was reviewed by BuzzFeed News.

This objection would seem to signal that Thiel is interested in bidding on Gawker.com and its assets, which would include its archive of articles, its branding, and its social media accounts. Any potential owner would be free to delete the Gawker.com archives.

Representatives for Thiel and the Gawker bankruptcy plan administration did not immediately respond to a request for comment.

caption Terry Bollea, aka Hulk Hogan, sits in court during his trial against Gawker Media, in St Petersburg, Florida March 17, 2016. source Dirk Shadd/Tampa Bay Times via Reuters

The case

Hulk Hogan, the wrestler whose real name is Terry Bollea, was awarded $140 million in damages in March 2016 stemming from a Gawker news article published in 2012 that included footage of him having sex. It was later revealed that Thiel had secretly financed the lawsuit and others against Gawker Media.

"I saw Gawker pioneer a unique and incredibly damaging way of getting attention by bullying people even when there was no connection with the public interest," Thiel, whom Gawker publicly outed as gay in 2007, told The New York Times in May 2016. In a speech, Thiel once described Gawker as a "singular, sociopathic bully."

To protect its assets from being collected by Hogan, Gawker filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy. Its assets were then sold to Univision in a government-ordered auction in August 2016, which bought them for $135 million.

Univision shut down operations of Gawker.com, the company's flagship site, but has continued to run its other properties, which consist of Gizmodo, Lifehacker, Deadspin, Jezebel, Kotaku, and Jalopnik. The Gawker archives remain available online.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/humans-are-being-sold-as-slaves-for-400-each-in-libya-2017-11/Humans are reportedly being sold as slaves for $400 each on the front line of the migrant crisiscaption Footage captured by CNN of a slave auction near Tripoli, Libya, and annotated by Business Insider. source CNN/Business Insider

Humans are being bought and sold at modern-day slave auctions in Libya, according to an investigation by CNN.

Ad

The news channel found evidence of two separate auctions, held after dark at undisclosed locations in the war-ravaged country, which has become the epicentre of the ongoing migrant crisis.

Footage showed men, the majority from Niger, being auctioned off by local slavers for 600 Libyan dinar each - roughly equivalent to $400 or £300.

Reporters at CNN were given mobile phone footage showing one group of men being sold at an indoor auction, which they said they were able to independently verify.

caption Mobile phone footage provided to CNN shows two men being sold in an auction, while a salesman points at them and talks prices. source CNN

Later they travelled to Tripoli, Libya, and were directed to an auction which they managed to film in person.

Reporter Nima Elbagir said she saw 12 men sold off in a matter of minutes by a man dressed in camouflage gear, who referred to them as "merchandise."

He reportedly said: "Does anybody need a digger? This is a digger, a big strong man, he'll dig. What am I bid, what am I bid?"

According to the news channel, the victims of the slave trade were migrants from elsewhere in Africa hoping to cross the Mediterranean with the help of people smugglers, and migrate to Europe illegally.

caption A man whom CNN say was conducting the auction. source CNN

However, increasing efforts by European and Libyan officials to stop the crossings means that increasing numbers of men are getting stuck in Libya with nowhere to go, CNN said.

When they run out of money to pay the traffickers, they are taken as slaves and sold for farm work. At a migrant camp on the Libyan coast, several men told CNN they have been enslaved as well, and were beaten and abused during the process.

Libyan authorities promised to investigate, CNN said. Here is a video report showing more of the investigation:

A press release from CNN said more would be aired on Tuesday's episode of "Amanpour," shown on CNN International at 7 p.m. GMT and 2 p.m. ET.http://nordic.businessinsider.com/evan-spiegel-miranda-kerr-relationship-story-marriage-baby-2017-11/Billionaire Snapchat CEO Evan Spiegel and supermodel Miranda Kerr are having a baby — here's a look inside the power couple's 2-year whirlwind romancesource AP Images

It's been an exciting year for Evan Spiegel and Miranda Kerr.

In May, the 27-year-old billionaire Snap CEO and the Australian supermodel tied the knot, with an early morning yoga session and an intimate backyard setting.

Now, the couple is expecting their first child together.

Kerr and Spiegel started dating nearly two years ago, and a whirlwind romance followed, which led to their engagement last year.

Here's how the two powerful stars met and fell in love:

Biz Carson contributed to an earlier version of this post.

The two met at a dinner for Louis Vuitton in Los Angeles. "We were really good friends for a long time before we started dating," Kerr told The Sydney Morning Herald.

source Getty Images

Source: The Sydney Morning Herald

In 2007, Kerr was the first Australian to become a Victoria's Secret Angel and was among the world's highest-paid models. Now she's working on creative projects like jewelry lines and just launched a handbag collection in Asia.

source John Kopaloff/Getty Images

Source: The Sydney Morning Herald

Kerr, 34, was once married to Orlando Bloom and has a son, Flynn. Spiegel had to wait at least six months to meet him, per Kerr and Bloom's rules, but "things are going well," Kerr said. "We're just a modern family now."

caption Kerr and Bloom in 2013. source Reuters

Source: The Edit

Spiegel stays busy as the CEO and cofounder of Snap, the parent company of the photo-messaging app Snapchat. It has been a busy year for Spiegel, who took Snap public in March.

source AP Photo/Jae C. Hong

Even though the two stay busy with work, Kerr says Spiegel loves to come home and chill with the family. "He's 25, but he acts like he's 50. He's not out partying," Kerr once said. "He goes to work in Venice [Beach, in LA]. He comes home. We don't go out. We'd rather be at home and have dinner, go to bed early."

source Getty Images

Source: The Edit

In May 2016, the couple went all-in and purchased a 7,100-square-foot house for $12 million in the Brentwood neighborhood of LA.

source Zillow

Source: New York Post

While their relationship is mostly private, the duo makes some high-profile appearances like a May 2016 dinner at the White House last year with President Barack Obama.

source Reuters

Mostly, though, the pair loves hanging out together.

Happy Birthday to my love!!! 🎂🎈🎉 I feel so incredibly blessed to have you as my partner ❤️🙏🏻❤️ A post shared by Miranda (@mirandakerr) on Jun 4, 2016 at 12:48pm PDT

In July 2016, Kerr announced their engagement by using Bitmojis from Bitstrips — a company Snap had just bought for $100 million — to show that Spiegel had popped the question. 'I said yes!!!' Kerr said in her Instagram post.

I said yes!!! ❤️😍❤️😍❤️ A post shared by Miranda (@mirandakerr) on Jul 20, 2016 at 8:39am PDT

Despite her use of Instagram, owned by Facebook, Kerr says she "cannot STAND Facebook" and has been "appalled" at the features it has copied from Snapchat and her fiancé. "Can they not be innovative?" she said. "Do they have to steal all of my partner's ideas?"

source AP Images

Source: Business Insider

Snapchat has been undaunted, though. Spiegel took Snap public in March 2017. He's now estimated to be worth about $2.9 billion.

caption Snapchat cofounders Bobby Murphy, left, and Spiegel. source Richard Drew/AP

Kerr was at the initial public offering to support Spiegel, sending snaps with early Snapchat employees on the floor of the stock exchange.

source AP Images

In May 2017, Kerr and Spiegel tied the knot at their home in Brentwood, California. The wedding was an "intimate affair" with about 50 guests in attendance, many of whom "high-profile" or models.

source Alex Wong/Getty Images

Source: E! News

Now, the pair is expecting their first child together. Congrats to the happy couple!

source Getty Images

Source: Page Sixhttp://nordic.businessinsider.com/elon-musk-tesla-semi-truck-electric-18-wheeler-rig-tech-driving-road-2017-11/Watch Elon Musk show off Tesla’s first electric semi — which can go from 0-60 mph in five secondsRelated articles

Elon Musk unveiled the Tesla Semi, the company's first electric 18-wheeler. The truck is capable of going from 0-60 mph in five seconds, and has a range of 500 miles on a single charge.http://www.businessinsider.com/amazonbasics-tech-gadgets-worth-buying-2016-8Amazon's store brand makes a lot of great tech, but these are the 12 gadgets actually worth buyingThe Insider Picks team writes about stuff we think you'll like. Business Insider has affiliate partnerships, so we get a share of the revenue from your purchase. Since 2009, Amazon has sold a variety of products through AmazonBasics. Its generic brand covers everything from tech and fitness to dining supplies. The goal is to give you the most bang for your buck, and while their products might not be as flashy as their competitors', they get the job done. They're also significantly cheaper, and if you can get a solid product in a major category for less, it's definitely worth it. I've used some AmazonBasics products before, and in some cases, check if they have something before looking at the rest of the market. So I've sorted through the handful of AmazonBasics gadgets you can feel comfortable buying for less. None of them will ever be flashy, but, like an imitative box of cereal, they’ll get the job done. You might save some cash along the way, too. View As: One Page Slides

Laptop and monitor stands My apartment (and life, for that matter) is full of little gadgets, but I'm actually kind of an organization freak. One of the ways I keep my desk at home clean is by using a laptop stand. Mine holds my laptop vertically, but there are benefits to the horizontal-style stand here. The biggest is that you can keep your laptop's display open and have a dual-monitor setup, which, if you're a multitasker, is a game changer. At work I use a stack of books to keep my monitor propped up, but I may end up investing in one of these monitor stands. Besides being way more stable than a handful of paperbacks, Amazon's stand is hollow, so I can store things underneath it. AmazonBasics Laptop Stand, Black $19.99 AmazonBasics Metal Monitor Stand , $19.38

Multi-port wall chargers If you live in a house with multiple people, chances are you've argued once or twice about who gets to charge their phone first. Instead, buy this four-port charger and let everyone charge their devices at once. Pair it with some of the cables mentioned in the previous slide and you'll be able to keep all of your gadgets and accessories fully charged without breaking the bank. AmazonBasics 4-Port USB Wall Charger, $15.78

Computer speakers They're not going to be as powerful or clear as a high-end pair of computer speakers from AudioEngine, or even Logitech. But if you want better-than-laptop-speaker audio quality, either of these speakers will do that. Amazon's speakers come in two flavors: powered or USB, and there are a couple of differences between the two to keep in mind. The powered speakers are a little more powerful at 5 watts versus 3 watts on the USB model. Another advantage of the powered speakers is that they have a built-in headphone jack, so you can plug your headphones into them instead of your computer. That's actually a pretty nice feature if you keep your computer docked all the time. Again, these aren't for the audiophiles, but if you're in need of a cheap pair of computer speakers, either of these pairs will fit the bill.

AmazonBasics USB Powered Computer Spea kers , $13.99

AmazonBasics AC Powered Computer Speakers , $19.99

On-ear headphones There are a handful of nondescript headphones sold under the AmazonBasics brand, but the only pair you should consider picking up is its Lightweight On-Ear Headphone. Another boring name, yes, but it has a surprisingly competent, bass-heavy sound that really has no business being on a $15 headphone. Now, it certainly looks that cheap. With its dull, all-black, all-plastic frame, it’s not the kind of thing you’d get as a gift. Still, it’s not uncomfortable either. It’s reminiscent of a similar on-ear pair from Monoprice, which sounds more accurate and spacious but is also out of stock as of this writing. For a beater pair you can bring on the run, or a backup you can hang on to when your main headphones go out of whack, this is a good choice.

AmazonBasics Lightweight On-Ear Headphones, $12.99

Paper shredders We live in a very digital world, but important documents still get sent through the mail. Getting your sensitive information stolen can lead to years-long battles to erase, which is why everyone should have a paper shredder. This AmazonBasics model will cut up your paper and old credit cards, so you'll never have to worry about someone else shopping on your dime. AmazonBasics 6-Sheet Cross-Cut Paper and Credit Card Shredder, $29.99

Surge protectors I can tell you from personal experience: If you care about your electronics, plug them into a surge protector. This-two pack can protect your gadgets from 200 joules of power and each surge protector has six outlets. That's probably enough to keep your entire computer or home entertainment setup safe from a sudden power surge. AmazonBasics 6-Outlet Surge Protector Power Strip 2-Pack, $11.49http://www.businessinsider.com/powerful-men-accused-of-sexual-misconduct-after-harvey-weinstein-list-2017-1035 powerful men accused of sexual misconduct after Harvey WeinsteinAfter many women accused movie producer Harvey Weinstein of sexual assault and harassment, similar accusations against a number of famous and powerful men have surfaced. Some people have become emboldened by the voices of Weinstein's accusers and are coming forward with allegations of sexual misconduct in what is being referred to as the "Weinstein ripple effect." In less than two months, allegations of sexual misconduct have spread from industry to industry, with fresh stories from the media, politics, and entertainment surfacing on a near daily basis. Revered members of the entertainment industry like Dustin Hoffman, Kevin Spacey, and Louis C.K., along with politicians such as Senator Al Franken, and candidate Roy Moore have been accused of varying degrees of sexual misconduct. Here's a list of men who have been accused of sexual misconduct since news of the Weinstein allegations broke: View As: One Page Slides

Actor Ben Affleck The actress Hilarie Burton accused Ben Affleck of groping her breast during a 2003 interview. Burton tweeted a video of the interview and wrote: "Girls. I'm so impressed with you brave ones. I had to laugh back then so I wouldn't cry. Sending love."





Affleck tweeted an apology to Burton, saying he had "acted inappropriately." The makeup artist Annamarie Tendler in a tweet also accused Affleck of groping her during a Golden Globes party in 2014. Affleck has not responded to Tendler's tweet. A representative for Affleck declined a request for comment from Business Insider.

Former head of Amazon Studios Roy Price In an interview with The Hollywood Reporter, the film producer Isa Hackett alleged that Roy Price, the former head of Amazon Studios, sexually harassed her while they were promoting the series "The Man in the High Castle" in 2015. Hackett worked as an executive producer on the series based on her father's book. Hackett said she met Price on July 10, 2015, at San Diego's Comic-Con to promote the series with him and that he invited her to an Amazon staff party that evening. She and Price shared a cab to the party, where Hackett said Price told her, "You will love my d--k." Hackett said she declined Price's advances but that the inappropriate behavior persisted throughout the evening. Hackett said she reported Price's behavior to Amazon immediately. After the interview was published, Amazon suspended Price indefinitely, and he resigned soon after. Price has yet to publicly address either the allegations or his resignation.

Producer Bob Weinstein Amanda Segel, the former executive producer of "The Mist," accused Bob Weinstein of consistently making unwanted advances on her in an interview with Variety. Segel said that while working with Weinstein on the TV series, he continued to ask her out to dinner despite her repeatedly telling him she was uninterested in a romantic relationship. Segal said his advances stopped only once she told The Weinstein Company, which was producing "The Mist," that she would leave the series if his behavior continued. "'No' should be enough," Segel said. "After 'no,' anybody who has asked you out should just move on. Bob kept referring to me that he wanted to have a friendship. He didn't want a friendship. He wanted more than that. My hope is that 'no' is enough from now on." Weinstein's lawyer, Bert Fields, released a statement to Variety denying Segel's allegations. "There is no way in the world that Bob Weinstein is guilty of sexual harassment, and even if you believed what this person asserts, there is no way it would amount to that," Fields said. Weinstein did not immediately respond to Business Insider's request for comment.

Former editor at The New Republic, Leon Wieseltier Leon Wieseltier, a former editor of The New Republic, has been accused by many of his former female colleagues of sexually harassing them and making crude sexual comments to them, The New York Times reported. In a statement to The Times, Wieseltier asked for his former colleagues' "forgiveness." "The women with whom I worked are smart and good people," Wieseltier said. "I am ashamed to know that I made any of them feel demeaned and disrespected. I assure them I will not waste this reckoning." Wieseltier did not immediately respond to Business Insider's request for comment.

Celebrity chef John Besh One of John Besh's former employees, who had a sexual relationship with the celebrity chef, said in a complaint that he once "continued to attempt to coerce" her "to submit to his sexual overtures," The Times-Picayune published in an investigative report. Twenty-five women have also said they were sexually harassed by male coworkers and bosses while working in Besh's restaurants, the news outlet reported. Besh said in a statement that he felt the relationship with his former employee was consensual. The chef also said he apologized to those he had worked with in the "past and present" who found his behavior "unacceptable." Besh did not immediately respond to Business Insider's request for comment.

Director James Toback The director James Toback has been accused by over 200 women of sexual harassment or assault, the Los Angeles Times reported. Toback is accused of inviting women to have interviews or auditions with him and then either dry-hump them or masturbate in front of them without their consent. The actress Julianne Moore tweeted that Toback asked her to "audition" for him in the 1980s, but that she turned him down on two separate occasions.





Toback has not responded to these accusations, but he told a Rolling Stone reporter before the Times story came out that some of the allegations against him that the reporter had heard were "idiotic." A former agent for Toback did not immediately respond to Business Insider's request for comment.

Former editorial director at Vox Media, Lockhart Steele A former Vox employee named Eden Rohatensky said in a Medium post that a vice president at a company she had worked for had sexually harassed her. Vox Media CEO Jim Bankoff later confirmed that Lockhart Steele was the vice president Rohatensky was referring to in her post, The Awl reported. Steele was fired from Vox and has not publicly addressed his termination. Steele did not immediately respond to Business Insider's request for comment.

Prominent tech figure Robert Scoble Three women have accused the prominent tech figure Robert Scoble, a former Microsoft employee, of sexual and verbal harassment from 2009 to 2014. Michelle Greer told BuzzFeed News that in 2010, while she was working with Scoble at Rackspace, he touched her inappropriately at the Startup Riot conference. "I remember seeing him with two drinks in his hand," she said. "My boss sat next to me, and Scoble sits across from me and starts touching my leg." The journalist Quinn Norton described a similar experience with Scoble in 2010 at the hacker conference Foo Camp in a Medium post. "And then, without any more warning, Scoble was on me," she wrote. "I felt one hand on my breast and his arm reaching around and grabbing my butt." Sarah Kunst, a startup founder, also tweeted that she had reported Scoble's "bad behavior years ago."





Scoble released a statement on his personal website on Wednesday denying all sexual-harassment allegations against him. "If I were guilty of all the things said about me I would still not be in a position to have sexually harassed anyone," Scoble said. "I don’t have employees, I don’t cut checks for investment. None of the women who came forward were ever in a position where I could make or break their careers. Sexual harassment requires that I have such power."

Animator, producer, and director Chris Savino Multiple women have accused Chris Savino, the creator of the animated series "The Loud House," of sexually harassing them, The Hollywood Reporter said. Nickelodeon fired Savino as the news broke. Savino posted a public apology on Facebook; it has since been removed. "I am deeply sorry and I am ashamed. Although it was never my intention, I now understand the impact of my actions and communications created an uncomfortable environment," Savino said, according to The Hollywood Reporter. "At every stage of my career, I have sought to uplift my colleagues and cultivate a culture of respect. In this objective, I have failed. I should have known better, I should have acted better, and this has been a difficult, but valuable lesson." Savino said he had the "deepest respect for the bravery of the women who have spoken out." A representative for Savino declined a request for comment from Business Insider.

Magician David Blaine In an interview with The Daily Beast, the model Natasha Prince, David Blaine's ex-girlfriend, accused the magician of raping her in London in 2004. Scotland Yard said in a statement to the news outlet that it is investigating Prince's allegation. Blaine's attorney, Marty Singer, released a statement to The Daily Beast denying Prince's accusation. "My client vehemently denies that he raped or sexually assaulted any woman, ever, and he specifically denies raping a woman in 2004," Singer said. Singer added that "if, in fact, there is any police investigation, my client will fully cooperate because he has nothing to hide." Blaine did not immediately respond to Business Insider's request for comment.

Director Roman Polanski Marianne Barnard has accused the director Roman Polanksi of molesting her in 1975, when she was 10 years old. Barnard tweeted: "#RomanPolanski took photos of me naked & in fur coat on beach in Malibu, I was 10 yrs old. He went on from there. This ends now #ROSEARMY."





In an interview with The Sun, Barnard described her encounter with the director and explained why she decided to come forward with her story now. "I felt terribly conflicted that I have been silent all this time and all these women are bravely coming forward, and I thought to myself I can't, in good conscience, knowing what I know — and having gone through what I've gone through — not speak out," Barnard said. Barnard has since reported the incident to the Los Angeles Police Department and is petitioning to remove the director from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, The Sun reported. Polanski pleaded guilty to statutory rape charges in 1977 in the US but fled to Europe upon realizing his plea bargain was unlikely to be accepted. Polanski has remained in Europe and has not returned to the US since then. In a statement to Business Insider on behalf of the director, Polanski's public-relations officer said, "I entirely reject the unfounded allegations of Mme. Barnard, of whom I have no knowledge."

Musician R. Kelly R. Kelly's former girlfriend Kitti Jones said in an interview with Rolling Stone that the rapper physically abused her and forced her to have sex with other women from 2011 to 2013. Jones had also been a part of a story published by BuzzFeed in July that said R. Kelly had formed an abusive "cult" of six women. A representative for R. Kelly released a statement to Rolling Stone denying Jones' claims. "It is unfortunate that Ms. Jones, after public statements to the contrary, is now attempting to portray a relationship history with Mr. Kelly as anything other than consensual involvement between two adults," the statement said. "As stated previously, Mr. Kelly does not control the decision-making or force the actions of any other human being, including Ms. Jones, by her own admission." R. Kelly did not immediately respond to Business Insider's request for comment.

Musician Ethan Kath Alice Glass shared an emotional post on her website that said she had endured "almost a decade of abuse, manipulation and psychological control" by her former Crystal Castles bandmate Ethan Kath that began when she was 15. "Over a period of many months, he gave me drugs and alcohol and had sex with me in an abandoned room at an apartment he managed," she wrote. "It wasn't always consensual and he remained sober whenever we were together." Glass left Crystal Castles in 2014 and was replaced by Edith Frances. "I am outraged and hurt by the recent statements made by Alice about me and our prior relationship," Kath said in a statement to Pitchfork, via his attorney. "Her story is pure fiction and I am consulting my lawyers as to my legal options. Fortunately, there are many witnesses who can and will confirm that I was never abusive to Alice." Kath confirmed his statement to Business Insider and sent a screenshot of an Instagram message he said Glass' sister sent a "fan" saying she did not believe Glass' allegations. The same screenshot is also on a Tumblr page called Castle Grayskull. Glass did not immediately respond to Business Insider's request for comment.

Musician Twiggy Ramirez A former girlfriend of Twiggy Ramirez, the bassist in the band Marilyn Manson, has accused him of sexually and physically abusing her. In a Facebook post, Jessicka Addams said Ramirez punched and raped her while they were in a relationship in the early 1990s. Manson has announced he "decided to part ways with Jeordie White," Ramirez's legal name.





Ramirez said in a statement that he does not "condone non-consensual sex of any kind," Rolling Stone reported. "I will be taking some time to spend with my family and focus on maintaining my several years of sobriety," he said. "If I have caused anyone pain I apologize and truly regret it."

Former President George H.W. Bush The actress Heather Lind said in a lengthy Instagram post, which has since been deleted, that former President George H.W. Bush "sexually assaulted" her. A representative for Bush said in a statement to the Daily Mail, "President Bush would never — under any circumstance — intentionally cause anyone distress, and he most sincerely apologizes if his attempt at humor offended Ms. Lind." The actress Jordana Grolnick told Deadspin that she had also been groped by the former president. Grolnick said that in 2016 she was performing in the play "The Hunchback of Notre Dame" and that Bush came backstage after the performance to take a photo with the cast. "We all circled around him and Barbara for a photo, and I was right next to him," Grolnick told Deadspin. "He reached his right hand around to my behind, and as we smiled for the photo he asked the group, 'Do you want to know who my favorite magician is?' As I felt his hand dig into my flesh, he said, 'David Cop-a-Feel!'" In a statement to Deadspin, Bush's spokesman Jim McGrath said, "At age 93, President Bush has been confined to a wheelchair for roughly five years, so his arm falls on the lower waist of people with whom he takes pictures." McGrath also apologized on behalf of the former president and said that "the president routinely tells the same joke — and on occasion, he has patted women's rears in what he intended to be a good-natured manner." "Some have seen it as innocent; others clearly view it as inappropriate," McGrath said. The author Christina Baker Kline also said in an article published on Slate that the former president groped her during a photo op in 2014. Kline said she had been invited to a fundraiser for the Barbara Bush Foundation for Family Literacy and that when she and two other male writers were gathering to take a photo with Bush, he pulled her aside. Kline said Bush asked her, "You wanna know my favorite book?" and that he responded, "David Cop-a-Feel." Kline said Bush "squeezed my butt, hard, just as the photographer snapped the photo." The author also said that after while leaving the fundraiser and recounting to her husband what had happened, a friend of the Bush family who was driving them asked her to be "discreet." Roslyn Corrigan told TIME that Bush groped her buttocks during a photo op when she was 16 and he was 79. Maine Senate Republican candidate Amanda Staples, and retired New York Times reporter Liz Allen have also accused the former president of groping them, according to TIME.

Fashion designer Gianni Versace In an interview on the podcast "The Adam Carolla Show," the actor Kevin Sorbo accused Gianni Versace of sexually harassing him. Sorbo said that while he was working as a model in the '90s, the fashion designer invited him to dinner parties, and that one time when they were alone, Versace told Sorbo he was interested in using him in one of his campaigns. Sorbo said Versace then put his hand up his leg. Sorbo said he told Versace he wasn't interested. The actor said Versace responded: "In life, you must f--- everything. You must do the dog, and the cat, and the boy, and the girl." Sorbo later told The Hollywood Reporter that he had remained friends with Versace over the years but never ended up in any of his campaigns. The designer died in 1997.

Former NBC News political analyst Mark Halperin Five women have accused the journalist Mark Halperin of sexually harassing them during his time at ABC News, CNN reported. Four of the five women told CNN that they had worked with Halperin in some capacity while he was at the network. One woman told CNN that she had been invited to meet with Halperin in the early 2000s — when he was the political director of ABC News — and that he had forcibly kissed her, pressed his genitals against her, and grabbed her breasts. "I went up to have a soda and talk and — he just kissed me and grabbed my boobs," the woman said. "I just froze. I didn't know what to do." The other women who spoke to CNN similarly said Halperin had pressed his body and genitals against them without their consent. Three of the women said they felt Halperin had propositioned them for sex by inviting them back to his hotel room or, in one case, inviting her into a bathroom with him. In a statement to CNN, Halperin said he "did pursue relationships with women that I worked with, including some junior to me." But Halperin denied that he had pressed his genitals against any of the women or grabbed a woman's breasts. "I now understand from these accounts that my behavior was inappropriate and caused others pain. For that, I am deeply sorry and I apologize," Halperin said in the statement. "Under the circumstances, I'm going to take a step back from my day-to-day work while I properly deal with this situation." MSNBC — the host of "Morning Joe," which Halperin regularly appears on — told CNN in a statement that it found the allegations "very troubling." "Mark Halperin is leaving his role as a contributor until the questions around his past conduct are fully understood," the statement said. ABC News said in a statement to CNN, "Mark left ABC News over a decade ago, and no complaints were filed during his tenure."

E! News correspondent Ken Baker Two women have accused the E! News correspondent Ken Baker of sexually harassing them, The Wrap reported. A former E! News employee said that in 2012 Baker invited her into his office and asked her to sit on his lap. A former intern at the outlet told The Wrap that in 2011 Baker kissed her without her consent and continued over a few weeks to solicit her for sex. She also said that in 2015 she received texts from Baker saying he wanted to give her "a Tiffany dildo" with his name "engraved on the shaft." In a statement to The Wrap, Baker said he was "very disturbed by these anonymous allegations" and that they made his "heart ache." "I care deeply for people's feelings and sincerely live in a way that treats people with dignity and respect," Baker said. Baker did not immediately respond to Business Insider's request for comment.

Director and producer Rick Najera Rick Najera, the director of CBS's Diversity Sketch Comedy Showcase, left the network amid allegations of sexual harassment, Variety reported. A CBS spokesman said in a statement to Variety that the network first became aware in March of "inappropriate comments made during the production of the Diversity Comedy Showcase." The spokesman said "remedial action was taken" that CBS deemed "appropriate to the matter." However, CBS said that new information emerged recently and prompted it to reinvestigate Najera's behavior, and that Najera had resigned. A source told Variety that two new complaints had been reported to CBS. Variety reported that one performer said Najera told them in 2009 that he was in an open relationship with his wife and insinuated he was interested in having a relationship, and that another said Najera made inappropriate remarks to them in 2014. The actress Rachel Bloom confirmed to Variety that she had heard about Najera's alleged behavior at the showcase and sent an email asking participants to come forward. A representative for Najera sent Business Insider a link to a public statement from Najera and his family saying they are "heartbroken and confounded by deliberate and cruel defamations." "It's unbelievable that a diversity program I directed and we supported for more than a decade would be twisted against me," the statement said. "As we wrestle with our reactions to this attack, I want to remind people that I've spent my whole life not only making people laugh — but showcasing our shared humanity." The statement continued: "This is now the most painful and unjust situation that I — and my family — have ever experienced."

Actor Kevin Spacey The "Star Trek: Discovery" actor Anthony Rapp accused Kevin Spacey of making a sexual advance on him when Rapp was 14 in an interview with BuzzFeed News. Rapp said that when he and Spacey were starring in a Broadway play in 1986, Spacey invited him to a party at his apartment in Manhattan. Rapp said Spacey found him watching TV alone in a bedroom, then put him on a bed and lay on top of him. "I still to this day can't wrap my head around so many aspects of it," Rapp said. "It's just deeply confusing to me." Spacey said in a statement on Twitter that he did "not remember the encounter" but that if it happened it "would have been deeply inappropriate drunken behavior." Spacey also said he had "loved and had romantic encounters with men" and that he now chooses "to live as a gay man." Spacey was widely criticized for coming out as a gay man in his apology.





Actor Roberto Cavazos has also accused Spacey of sexual misconduct. In a Facebook post, Cavazos said the actor tried to touch him without his consent in London's Old Vic Theatre in 2008. "There are many of us who have a 'Kevin Spacey story,'" Cavazos said in the post, written in Spanish. "It seems the only requirement was to be a male under the age of 30 for Mr Spacey to feel free to touch us. It was so common that it became a local joke (of very bad taste)." In a statement the Old Vic said, "This is clearly unacceptable and the Old Vic truly apologises for not creating an environment or culture where people felt able to speak freely." Netflix suspended production of season six of "House of Cards" before it ultimately decided to fire Spacey from the production. Since Rapp and Cavazos came forward with their allegations against Spacey, numerous other men have made accusations against the actor, including one anonymous man who alleged that he and Spacey had a sexual relationship when he was 14. The Old Vic Theatre opened an investigation into Spacey following Cavazos' allegation, and has since found "20 personal testimonies" of "alleged inappropriate behavior," according to The Hollywood Reporter. Sixteen staff members and four additional people came forward with allegations against Spacey, with incidents that occurred from 1995 to 2013. Spacey was the artistic director of the theater from 2004 until 2015. Spacey's representative said in a statement: "Kevin Spacey is taking the time necessary to seek evaluation and treatment. No other information is available at this time."

Actor Jeremy Piven The reality-TV actress Ariane Bellamar said on Twitter that Jeremy Piven groped her while she was on the set of HBO's "Entourage." In a series of tweets, Bellamar said the actor cornered and grabbed her.





Piven denied Bellamar's accusations in a statement to The Hollywood Reporter. "It takes a great deal of courage for victims to come forward with their histories, and my hope is that the allegations about me that didn’t happen, do not detract from stories that should be heard," Piven said. A representative for CBS, whose new series "Wisdom of the Crowd" Piven stars in, said the network was aware of the accusations and was "looking into the matter." "Longmire" actress Cassidy Freeman accused of Piven of engaging in "predatory behavior," in an Instagram post (which has since been deleted). "I know what you did and attempted to do to me when I was far too young," she wrote. Tiffany Bacon Scourby alleged that in 2003 Piven pinned her down and ejaculated on her in his hotel room, in an interview with People. Piven denied Scourby's claims in a statement to People: “Let me be absolutely clear, this simply did not happen. I would never force myself on a woman, ever. I cannot speak as to why a person would create a story like this.” Piven released a lengthy statement on Twitter Thursday, denying all of the accusations against him, and offering to take a polygraph test. “We seem to be entering dark times — allegations are being printed as facts and lives are being put in jeopardy without a hearing, due process or evidence," Piven said. "I hope we can give people the benefit of a doubt before we rush to judgment.” Piven did not immediately respond to Business Insider's request for comment.

Director Brett Ratner Six women, including the actress Olivia Munn, have accused Brett Ratner of sexual misconduct, the Los Angeles Times reported. Munn said the director masturbated in front of her on the set of the movie "After the Sunset" in 2004. She said that when she went to deliver food to his trailer, "he walked out ... with his belly sticking out, no pants on, shrimp cocktail in one hand and he was furiously masturbating in the other." She continued: "And before I literally could even figure out where to escape or where to look, he ejaculated." Munn wrote about the alleged incident in her book, "Suck It, Wonder Woman! The Misadventures of a Hollywood Geek," though she did not name Ratner. The actress Natasha Henstridge told the Times that Ratner had forced her to perform oral sex on him in the '90s when she was 19. "He strong-armed me in a real way. He physically forced himself on me," Henstridge said. "At some point, I gave in and he did his thing." Ratner's lawyer said the director denied these claims. Extras on Ratner's movie "Rush Hour 2" have also accused the director of sexual harassment. His lawyer said Ratner had no recollection of doing so. In a statement to Business Insider on behalf of the director, Ratner's lawyer said Ratner "vehemently denies the outrageous derogatory allegations that have been reported about him" and was "confident that his name will be cleared once the current media frenzy dies down and people can objectively evaluate the nature of these claims." An additional statement was sent to Business Insider from Ratner's lawyers stating that the director would be stepping away from all "Warner Bros. related activities." "I don’t want to have any possible negative impact to the studio until these personal issues are resolved," the statement said. The director is currently suing Melanie Kohler for calling him a "rapist" in a Facebook post, according to Variety. Ratner's suit claims that Kohler's comments were made with the sole purpose of damaging his reputation. A model, who has chosen to remain anonymous, has also accused Ratner of masturbating in front of her, in an interview with Page Six. The model said the director flew her to Los Angeles in 2008 for a shoot. While in a car on the way to the shoot's location with Ratner and two of his assistants, she said Ratner began masturbating next to her. “I put my hands over my eyes and said, ‘Stop. That’s disgusting.’ But he wouldn’t stop,” she said. “As he is finishing, his assistant in the front seat hands him tissues.” Ratner’s lawyer Lynda Goldman told Page Six that Ratner, “categorically denies this outrageous story." In a lengthy Facebook post, actress Ellen Page accused Ratner of making homophobic and sexually inappropriate remarks to her and other women while working on " X Men: The Last Stand" together, which Ranter directed. "He looked at a woman standing next to me, ten years my senior, pointed to me and said: 'You should f--k her to make her realize she’s gay,'" Page wrote. "This man, who had cast me in the film, started our months of filming at a work event with this horrific, unchallenged plea," Page continued. "He 'outed' me with no regard for my well-being, an act we all recognize as homophobic. I proceeded to watch him on set say degrading things to women." Ratner has yet to respond to Page's accusations. Terri Goddard, a former assistant at New Line, alleged that she and several other employees complained to the studio's HR department about the director's inappropriate behavior as early as 2005, in a Variety report. “It’s humiliating to be objectified when you’re trying to do your work,” Goddard said. “People were just appalled.” Goddard said Ratner was known for invading people's boundaries and staring at assistants, but she found that after speaking with HR, Ratner stopped harassing her. Ratner wasn't a New Line employee at the time, but he had directed "Rush Hour," "Money Talks," and "Rush Hour 2" for the studio. Warner Bros. told Variety it has no record of these complaints. In a letter to Variety, Ratner's lawyer Marty Singer said, “I have represented Mr. Ratner for two decades, and no woman has ever made a claim against him for sexual misconduct or sexual harassment.”

Actor Dustin Hoffman Anna Graham Hunter, a writer, accused the Oscar winner Dustin Hoffman of sexually harassing her when she was 17, in a column she wrote for The Hollywood Reporter. Hunter said that while she was interning as a production assistant on the set of "Death of a Salesman" in 1985, Hoffman — who starred in the film — would speak openly about sex in front of her and inappropriately touched her. Hunter said that when she asked for Hoffman's breakfast order one morning, the actor responded, "I'll have a hard-boiled egg … and a soft-boiled clitoris." Hunter said that on one occasion, Hoffman "felt my ass four times" while she walked him to his limousine. Hoffman told The Hollywood Reporter: "I have the utmost respect for women and feel terrible that anything I might have done could have put her in an uncomfortable situation. I am sorry. It is not reflective of who I am." "Genius" producer Wendy Riss Gatsiounis also accused Hoffman of sexual harassment, in an interview with Variety. Riss Gatsiounis met with Hoffman and screenwriter Murray Schisgal twice in 1991 to discuss her new play “A Darker Purpose,” and the possibility of turning it into a movie. According to Riss Gatsiounis, during her second meeting with Hoffman and Schisgal, Hoffman asked her if she had "ever been intimate with a man over 40." Riss Gatsiounis was in her 20s at the time, and Hoffman was 53. Riss Gatsiounis said Hoffman then tried to get her to go to his nearby hotel room with him, and after she declined his offer, he and Schisgal left and said they were no longer interested in her play. In a statement to Variety, Schisgal said he had "no recollection of this meeting or of any of the behavior or actions described.” Dustin Hoffman did not immediately respond to Business Insider's request for comment.

Actor Steven Seagal Actress Portia de Rossi accused action star Steven Seagal of sexually harassing her while she was auditioning for him. "He told me how important it was to have chemistry off-screen as he sat me down and unzipped his leather pants," Rossi wrote on Twitter.



Former "CSI: Miami" actress Eva LaRue also accused Seagal of sexual harassment. LaRue told Deadline that during an audition at the actor's home in 1990, Seagal locked her in a room and proceeded to open his kimono, and then stood in front of her in his underwear. "I go to sit on the couch, and he comes towards me and he’s opening his weirdo kimono," LaRue said. "There’s no script or anything. Just him standing there with his kimono open. He had underwear on, thank God, and he was bare everywhere else. And it was clear he was not just getting cozy.” LaRue left Seagal's home as quickly as possible, and informed her agent about what happened with Seagal, she said.

Jenny McCarthy and Julianna Margulies have also accused Seagal of sexually harassing them during what they thought were auditions. A representative for Seagal denied McCarthy's claim that he harassed her, according to Deadline. Neither Segal nor his representative have yet to respond to the additional allegations against him.

Actor Ed Westwick Actress Kristina Cohen alleged that "Gossip Girl" star Ed Westwick raped her at his Hollywood home in 2014, in a Facebook post. Westwick denied Cohen's claims in a statement on Twitter and Instagram, saying that he didn't know her and has never forced himself on a woman. After making her allegations against Westwick, Cohen filed a police report with the LAPD, according to The Hollywood Reporter. The LAPD is currently investigating Cohen's rape accusation. Actress Aurélie Wynn also alleged that Westwick raped her in July of 2014, while she was at his apartment in a Facebook post. Westwick denied Wynn's claim in a statement on Twitter, saying that he found both of the recent allegations against him "disheartening" and "provably untrue social media claims." Westwick also said that he is "cooperating with the authorities" to clear his name. A third woman has alleged that Westwick sexually assaulted her in February 2014, the same year that both Cohen and Wynn alleged that Westwick raped them. Rachel Eck told Buzzfeed News that she and her ex-boyfriend, producer Kaine Harling, had decided to hang out in a room at the Sunset Marquis in West Hollywood. According to Eck, Harling decided to bring Westwick to the room to hang out with them. Throughout the evening Eck said that Westwick would try to kiss her whenever they were alone, and that the actor pushed her against the wall multiple times. Eck informed Harling about Westwick's behavior, and he dismissed her, she said. According to Eck, when she told Harling she was leaving, he told her Westwick wanted to apologize. “Ed then pulled me onto the bed and aggressively groped me,” Eck said. “I shoved him off as quickly as I could and left. I have never felt so uncomfortable in a situation like that in my entire life.” Harling was also present at the hotel during the night Cohen was allegedly raped, according to The Hollywood Reporter. Ed Westwick's attorney did not immediately respond to Business Insider's request for comment.

Comedian and director Louis C.K. Five women have accused comedian and filmmaker Louis C.K. of sexual misconduct, in a report in The New York Times. Chicago-based comedy duo Dana Min Goodman and Julia Wolov alleged that C.K. masturbated in front of them, after inviting them back to his hotel room in 2002, while attending the US Comedy Arts Festival in Aspen. Comedian Rebecca Corry alleged that while working on a pilot with C.K. in 2005, the comedian asked if he could come to her dressing room and masturbate in front of her. After Corry declined she said C.K.'s "face got red, and he told me he had issues." Comedian, performer, and illustrator Abby Schachner told the Times that she heard C.K. masturbating while he was on the phone with her in 2003. A woman who chose to speak to the Times anonymously said that she worked with C.K. on "The Chris Rock Show" in the 1990s, and that he continuously asked if he could masturbate in front of her, and that eventually she agreed. "It was something that I knew was wrong," she said. "I think the big piece of why I said yes was because of the culture. He abused his power." C.K. released a statement responding to the allegations, confirming that the "stories are true." "At the time, I said to myself that what I did was okay because I never showed a woman my d--k without asking first, which is also true," C.K. said. "But what I learned later in life, too late, is that when you have power over another person, asking them to look at your d--k isn't a question. It's a predicament for them. The power I had over these women is that they admired me. And I wielded that power irresponsibly." The distribution company for C.K.'s new film "I Love You, Daddy" cancelled the film's release, and HBO, FX, and Netflix have cut ties with C.K. since these accusations have emerged. C.K. has also been dropped by his publicist Lewis Kay and his manager Dave Becky.

Actor George Takei Scott R. Brunton alleged that former "Star Trek" star George Takei sexually assaulted him in 1981, in an interview with The Hollywood Reporter. Brunton said that after a date with Takei, he went with Takei back to his condo. After having two drinks with him, Brunton said he became dizzy and passed out. He said that he woke with his pants around his ankles, and Takei trying to remove his underwear, while groping him at the same time. Brunton said he told Takei he wasn't interested, and said that Takei told him "to relax." Brunton then said he pushed the actor off of him and went to sit in his car until he was sober enough to drive himself home. Takei denied Brunton's claims in a lengthy post that he shared on both Facebook and Twitter. He wrote that he was "shocked and bewildered" by them. "Right now it is a he said / he said situation, over alleged events nearly 40 years ago," Takei said. "But those that know me understand that non-consensual acts are so antithetical to my values and my practices, the very idea that someone would accuse me of this is quite personally painful." Takei did not immediately respond to Business Insider's request for further comment.

Showrunner Mark Schwahn In a joint public statement, showrunner Mark Schwahn was accused of sexual harassment by eighteen women who worked with him on "One Tree Hill." Stars of the series including Sophia Bush, Hilarie Burton, and Bethany Joy Lenz were among the 18 women who signed their names on the statement. The statement said that Schwahn's behavior was an open secret on the show, and that some of the women are still "in treatment" because of his behavior. "Many of us were put in uncomfortable positions and had to swiftly learn to fight back, sometimes physically, because it was made clear to us that the supervisors in the room were not the protectors they were supposed to be," the statement said. "Many of us were spoken to in ways that ran the spectrum from deeply upsetting, to traumatizing, to downright illegal. And a few of us were put in positions where we felt physically unsafe. More than one woman on our show had her career trajectory threatened." Schwahn now works on the popular E! series "The Royals," but was suspended after the allegations broke. Schwahn did not immediately respond to Business Insider's request for comment.

Actor Jeffrey Tambor Jeffrey Tambor's "Transparent" costar Trace Lysette has accused the actor of sexual misconduct. Lysette told The Hollywood Reporter that when she arrived on set to shoot her famous "yas queen" scene for season two of "Transparent" in costume Tambor said, "My God, Trace. I want to attack you sexually." Alexandra Billings, the other actress in the scene, overheard Tambor's remarks and confirmed to THR that Tambor made the comment to Lysette. Lysette then said that a moment later, between takes, Tambor approached her when she was by herself. "He came in close," Lysette said. "Put his bare feet on top of mine so I could not move, leaned his body against me, and began quick, discreet thrust back and forth against my body. I felt his penis on my hip through his thin pajamas." Lysette's allegation follows Van Barnes' accusation that Tambor sexually harassed her while she was his assistant on "Transparent." In a statement to Deadline, Tambor called Barnes' accusations "baseless." Lysette told THR that she and Barnes informed the producers of "Transparent" about Tambor's inappropriate behavior towards them and that no action was taken. Tambor said that he is "not a predator" in a statement to THR. "I am deeply sorry if any action of mine was ever misinterpreted by anyone as being sexually aggressive or if I ever offended or hurt anyone," Tambor said. "But the fact is, for all my flaws, I am not a predator and the idea that someone might see me in that way is more distressing than I can express." Amazon Studios is currently investigating the allegations of misconduct, according to THR. A spokesperson for Amazon told THR, "This information will be added to our ongoing conversation." Tambor announced in an additional statement to Deadline that he may not be returning to "Transparent" next season. "I’ve already made clear my deep regret if any action of mine was ever misinterpreted by anyone as being aggressive, but the idea that I would deliberately harass anyone is simply and utterly untrue," Tambor said. "Given the politicized atmosphere that seems to have afflicted our set, I don’t see how I can return to Transparent." Tambor did not immediately respond to Business Insider's request for comment.

Minnesota Senator Al Franken Los Angeles radio news anchor Leeann Tweeden alleged in an article for KABC that Senator Al Franken aggressively kissing her without her consent during a rehearsal for a sketch during a 2006 USO tour. Tweeden also alleged that the senator groped her without her consent while she was asleep, and shared a photograph documenting the incident. In a statement sent to Business Insider, Franken apologized to Tweeden and said he didn't "remember the rehearsal for the skit in the same way." "As to the photo, it was clearly intended to be funny but wasn't. I shouldn't have done it," Franken said. Franken has since released a second, lengthier statement, saying that when he looks at the photo of himself and Tweeden, he feels "disgusted" and that it was "completely inappropriate." Franken has also asked that an ethics committee investigation be undertaken, and has said that he will happily cooperate. "Coming from the world of comedy, I've told and written a lot of jokes that I once thought were funny but later came to realize were just plain offensive," Franken said. "But the intentions behind my actions aren't the point at all. It's the impact these jokes had on others that matters. And I'm sorry it's taken me so long to come to terms with that." Lindsay Menz told CNN that Franken inappropriately touched her while taking a picture in 2010. Menz said that she, her husband, and her father attended the Minnesota State Fair in 2010 when her father's small business was sponsoring a local radio booth at the fair. She spent the day meeting and taking pictures with various celebrities and politicians, who visited the booth. Franken happened to be one of the politicians to visit the booth, and Menz took a picture with him. Menz alleged that while taking a picture with the senator, he "put his hand full-fledged on my rear." "It wasn't around my waist. It wasn't around my hip or side. It was definitely on my butt," Menz recalled. "I was like, oh my God, what's happening." In a statement to CNN, Franken said he didn't remember taking a picture with Menz, and feels bad that she "came away from our interaction feeling disrespected."

Former speaker of the Kentucky House of Representatives, Jeff Hoover Jeff Hoover resigned as speaker of the Kentucky House of Representatives, after The Courier-Journal reported that the representative reached a sexual harassment settlement with a female member of his staff. According to The Courier-Journal's sources, the woman said she engaged in suggestive texting with Hoover after a fellow staffer told her she needed to indulge him to propel her career. However, the woman said that she later recognized his behavior to be harassment. Shortly after news of Hoover's settlement broke, Kentucky Governor Matt Bevin asked that anyone who had secretly settled sexual harassment claims resign from office. While Hoover is no longer the speaker of the Kentucky House of Representatives, he remains a representative. Hoover did not immediately respond to Business Insider's request for comment.

Former senior vice president in charge of news at NPR, Michael Oreskes Michael Oreskes stepped down from his post at NPR after the company investigated allegations made by two women, who claimed he made unwanted advances toward them when he worked as an editor at the The New York Times nearly 20 years ago. The Washington Post reported the allegations from both women, who claimed Oreskes kissed them without their consent when they met with him to discuss their job prospects. They said that he insinuated that he might hire them as reporters, but neither woman was ever hired by him. Oreskes apologized for his actions in a statement. “I am deeply sorry to the people I hurt. My behavior was wrong and inexcusable, and I accept full responsibility,” Oreskes said.

New York Times White House correspondent Glenn Thrush The New York Times suspended its star White House correspondent Glenn Thrush Monday, after Vox released a report alleging that Thrush had engaged in inappropriate behavior with female colleagues. “The behavior attributed to Glenn in this Vox story is very concerning and not in keeping with the standards and values of The New York Times,” The Times said in a statement. “We intend to fully investigate and while we do, Glenn will be suspended.” In a statement to Vox, Thrush apologized for his behavior. “Any behavior that makes a woman feel disrespected or uncomfortable is unacceptable,” Thrush said. The Times reports that Thrush is planning on attending a substance abuse program. Thrush joined the Times in January, 2017.http://www.businessinsider.com/rules-of-style-you-should-still-follow-2016-99 classic men's style rules you still have to followSometimes you really should listen to your elders. Though there are some men's style rules that you no longer need to follow, others are ironclad. They were passed down from older generations for a reason, and you'd do your best to follow all of them. We rounded up the nine rules we thought were most important so that you could make sure you're not forgetting anything. The well-styled men of your grandfather's generation would be proud. View As: One Page Slides

Match your shoes and belt when dressing formally. The belt-matching-shoes trope is a little tired, and it's true that its importance is sometimes overstated. But when it comes to formal events, matching the leathers of your belt and shoes is essential to looking well-dressed. There's no way around it: Brown goes with brown and black with black. Otherwise, you'll just look mismatched.

Don't mix patterns. Patterns are great, but it is possible to have too much of a good thing. What has become known as "power clashing" — a style move where one wears more than one pattern in an attempt to look garish on purpose — has no place in modern dress. It's an attempt to stand out and it works in casual settings. But when it's time to dress up, follow the rules and go for an impeccable suit without clashing patterns. It will do so much more for you.

Dress to the specifications required. If an invitation calls for black tie, that's what you must wear. If it says formal, a suit's required. There's no getting away with failing to dress to the dress code. You'll look and feel like a fool if you attempt to circumvent it with "creative dressing." You'll be at a social disadvantage at the event, and everyone will know it. Dress according to what is expected.

Don't wear shorts with a blazer or jacket. Proportion is important to remember when dressing. Your upper and lower halves need to be in balance. That means there should be a similar amount of clothing covering both. You wouldn't (or shouldn't) wear bulky cargo pants with a T-shirt. Similarly, you shouldn't wear a bulky jacket on top without covering your legs.

Match your color palette to the season. White pants and blue shoes are great in the summer when the sun is shining and the flowers are blooming. They make a little less sense when the world is dark and gray, and the sun doesn't come out until almost 9 a.m. You'll look out of place, and feel even more so. Muted colors like navy, olive, and gray can tone your wardrobe down and bring things into the realm of feasibility.

Don't wear a vest on its own. Let's get this straight: Vests are only for three-piece suits. Vests, sans jacket, make you look like a cater waiter, and not in a good way. It makes it look as if your outfit is missing something — namely, a jacket to cover the unsightly shiny rear part of the vest that isn't meant to be seen. This rule is similar to the one that states you shouldn't wear a tie without a blazer, for a similar reason.

Don't button the last button on a jacket or sweater. This is one of the most important rules for any man to know. It's followed all the time, everywhere, and should be observed by everyone. The bottom button looks awkward when buttoned, and it constricts the waist, giving it an odd corset-style look. Leaving it undone does more than just give you a casual, laid-back vibe. It makes you look like you know what you're doing, and that you're cognizant of what you see in the mirror.

Don't wear suspenders and a belt at the same time. Belts hold your pants up; suspenders hold your pants up. Mixing them together is not only redundant but can affect the structural integrity of your pants and make them wear out faster. Stick to a belt, and try to add some personality into your outfit in other ways.http://www.businessinsider.com/what-flight-attendants-wish-passengers-would-stop-doing-2017-8Flight attendants share the 25 things they wish passengers would stop doing — and one thing that's not as bad as you thinkWe all have annoying habits, and travel tends to bring out the worst in people. If you have any sympathy for your flight attendants, who, day in and day out, are privy to some of the most extreme human behavior, you'd make an effort to do better. The first step is knowing just what you're doing wrong. Luckily for you, we asked flight attendants everywhere to share the annoying things they wish passengers would stop doing, and more than 60 were happy to chime in. Here are 25 things you may not have even known you were doing wrong, and one thing you can probably stop worrying about: View As: One Page Slides

Hogging the overhead bins "Put the suitcases in the overhead and put your small bags underneath the seat in front so we don't have to run out of space and have to check bags."

Not saying hello "I wish passengers would acknowledge the crew when they board."

Poor timing "Stop trying to hand us trash on the beverage cart or asking us to take your trash while we're handing out food."

Putting feet on walls or other passengers' seats "I don't come into your office and put my feet on your walls or your desk!"

Asking, 'What do you have?' "There is literally an announcement telling you where to find the menu. We have 100 drinks if you count alcohol, and you want me to list it? While 200 other people wait for their drinks?"

Not listening to the safety presentation "Be a little more respectful of crew while we are just trying to do our job."

Not specifying how you take your coffee "When you order coffee tell me whether you want cream and/or sugar so I don't have to ask for the millionth time."

Not taking responsibility for your belongings "Don't bring your heavy carry-on on board the aircraft and then ask me to put it in the overhead bin for you because it is too heavy for you to do it."

Occupying the toilets once you see that the aircraft is descending "This leads to flight delays."

Keeping your headphones on "Please take the headphones off when we come by and ask you what you would like to drink."

Ringing the call button unless it's truly necessary "Don't ring call bells when we've already announced that flight attendants have to be seated, right after takeoff, or for silly reasons."

Touching flight attendants to get their attention "I have been poked, prodded, and tugged on too many times to remember."

Getting up to use the lavatory when the seat belt sign is on "When you remind them that the sign is on, they usually respond with some version of saying, 'But I have to go.' Well, unless you are two years old, do you wait until the absolute last minute to use the toilet?"

Thinking the world is coming to an end because you didn't get your first meal choice "It's a plane ride, not a five-star hotel or restaurant. Stop getting bent out of shape over receiving your second meal choice."

Acting entitled "Stop trying to sneak into an upgrade seat."

Snapping your fingers "'Excuse me, miss!' works every time."

Galley yoga "Getting up and wanting to stretch in our galleys like its a yoga studio or wanting to stand in our galleys is annoying. The galley is our only work area, and we have nowhere else to go because our seats are in the galley by the doors."

Getting upset with flight attendants for things that clearly aren't their fault "I agree, it sucks that the flight got canceled and you'll miss something important. I was supposed to go home and see a concert. Now I'm stuck in this small metal tube with you yelling at me."

Expecting flight attendants to have all the information from the captain "We know maybe 5% of what they do. We don't know how bad the weather is, why we are taking a new route, or why we can't land early. But believe it's for your safety!"

Clipping your toenails "I've seen people clipping toe nails. It's very gross, and you can't make them stop. And it's not an infrequent thing, believe it or not."

Watching porn "I've seen people watching porn on the plane. One guy had the whole row to himself and you had to be standing up and walking behind him to see that he was watching porn. I was like, 'Really?' What do I say to that? There weren't any little children around, so there wasn't anything to say. But there was one guy I could see was watching porn on his phone, and because it was nighttime, you could see the reflection on the window. I did point that out to him because I didn't think everybody needed to see that."

Trying to get freebies "People sometimes come on plane and hint for a free drink: 'The plane was delayed ten minutes, is there a free drink for me for that?' 'Drinks are on the captain right?' I just grin and smile. 'Smile and wave boys,' that's what I say."

BYOB-ing it "Some people will go to the local liquor store and bring their mini bottles of booze on the plane. We always know who you are; we always find it. You can't serve yourself. We need to know how much you've had to drink so we're not overserving you, because the higher you fly and the longer you go, the more the alcohol affects your brain."

Making demands as soon as you board "Boarding is one of the most stressful parts of the job with all of the required safety checks and federal rules we have to follow. So when people come on board and immediately demand water to take a pill or snacks for a diabetic, it always makes me wonder why that couldn't have been taken care of in the airport."http://www.businessinsider.com/keystone-xl-canada-tar-oil-sands-photos-2017-3At one end of the Keystone XL oil pipeline, there is a scene you must see to believeTo get a look at the oil sand mines, we rented this Cessna 172, which the pilot was allowed to bring down to 1,000 feet. Through the open window we could see what really goes on in one of the most controversial places on the planet.

The Alberta oil sands are spread across more than 54,000 square miles, but we're taking a look at just a small part of it. The red line is an approximate outline of the entire deposit — the green is where we were flying.

Thousands flock here to make real money in the oil sands, where creating synthetic crude begins in the strip mine. This is how the oil sands have been harvested since 1967.

Only two companies worked the sands in 1998. In May 2012 there were more than 10 times that number.

That's because in the late '90s, oil prices rose, the Canadian government restructured its royalty system, and new technology caused a huge boom.

From small companies to conglomerates like Shell, each outfit starts off the same way.

First they cut down all the trees.

Then they scrape away the shallow layer of leafy, peaty topsoil called muskeg.

Trucks and shovels move in to scoop up the oil sand. This shovel is electric and scoops up 90 tons in one load. It takes about 2.5 tons of sand to produce one barrel of oil.

The Cat 797 dump trucks are the largest in the world and can haul 1 million pounds in a single load — more weight than a fully loaded Boeing 747 airplane.

They're so large people say they can drive over a Ford F-150 like it's a 'speed bump.' This shot of one inside a mechanic's shop shows what they mean.

The dump trucks are everywhere out here, carrying chunks of compacted oil sand...

... Often across bridges like these, which are supposed to be the strongest in the world.

Crushing plants like this break up the chunks into a fine mixture that can be transported along the conveyor belts below.

The conveyors take the sand to be conditioned — the first step in separating it from the oil.

Conditioning mixes the oil sand with water to create a slurry, in which oil begins to separate from the sand.

The slurry is then piped to containers where it separates into three parts: Oil froth on top; sand on the bottom; and oil, sand, clay, and water in the middle.

The sand and water mixture in the middle is pumped to open storage areas called tailings ponds.

The ponds are vast and some look more like lakes.

Most ponds are coated in a sheen of oil that can be deadly to waterfowl, like ducks and geese, that land on its surface.

Scarecrows like this are all over the ponds to help keep birds away.

The ponds are used to clarify the oil-water slurry. Solids slowly sink to the bottom, chemicals and oil float to the top.

The surface chemicals are skimmed off with floating lines like those used in oil spills.

To give an idea of the size: That dump truck passing the pond is 50 feet long.

This is what one pond looks like on the ground.

And this is what the surface material looks like up-close.

After the surface water is skimmed, it's relatively free of sediment and chemicals, and is pumped from one pond to another. This clarified water is supposed to provide 90 percent of what the oil companies need to start all over again.

The solids left behind will be used to reclaim the land as the operation moves on.

As the sand finally dries, it turns white. Sound cannons boom in these areas to scare birds away, especially after a 2010 incident where hundreds of ducks landed on a roadside pond and died.

Oil companies are required to return the land to its original condition and this reclaimed section, populated with Wood Bison, is not far from the pond.

It looks a lot different on this side.

The petroleum industry is also working to limit surface mining and increase its share of "in situ" production of oil, which drills wells into hard-to-reach deposits, blasts them with steam, and pumps oil products to the surface. Source: Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers

So far, only a small portion of Alberta's oil sands are developed. And Canada requires any mining operation to reclaim the area. But there are costs to expanding in situ production. Source: Natural Resources Canada

In situ extraction still impacts wildlife, such as caribou herds, and it takes more energy — and generates more greenhouse gases — to extract oil compared to mining. Source: Pembina Institute, CBC News

Critics also say restoring a piece of developed land to its native boreal forest condition, like this, is not realistic. Source: Pembina Institute, CBC News

With the mining method, the crude oil is pulled from the sand and shuttled to an 'upgrader' like Suncor's here on the Athabasca River — one of the sites where the oil from the sands is converted into synthetic crude. Source: CBC

This is done by heating the raw oil, called bitumen, in a process called coking. Smoke from the process hovers about the whole area and a smell that fills the cockpit of the plane.

Here are some small piles of coke.

And here's one very immense pile of coke waiting to be used or sold as fuel for smelting iron.

After it's coked, the oil is "cracked" to break the heavy parts down into lighter, more desirable petroleum products. What's left after cracking gets sent to towers like this. Inside they're hotter at the top than the bottom, forcing dense material down and lighter petroleum products up.

Then everything is exposed to hot, high-pressure gas that removes even more impurities like sulfur.

The sulfur would normally then be sold. But a glut in the sulfur market in May 2012 kept prices low, so mountains of it grew.

Once the oil is "upgraded" it goes to a storage tank, like this one that was under construction.

This is Syncrude's Mildred Lake plant along Route 63.

Route 63 is a deadly stretch of road. A family of seven died the day I arrived in Alberta, and their memorial is right across from Syncrude by the side of the road. After taking this photo, Syncrude security arrived and told me to leave.

Just north of the memorial sit these two machines, which some companies used in mining until 2006. A dragline is on the left, and a gray bucketwheel on the right.

Spectacularly immense, this bucketwheel is the largest crawling machine in existence.

That fence post in front of the wheel is about six-feet-tall. The bucket teeth that dug into the sand were very effective, but when the bucketwheel broke down, mining stopped — so they were phased out in favor of the shovels and trucks.

Fleets of trucks work the sands. That way, if one breaks down another can simply takes its place. But at $5 to $6 million apiece, they are not cheap.

And they go through tires pretty quickly. The ones for the big dump trucks run about $45,000 apiece.

At 13 feet wide and 12,000 pounds each, 797 tires are a burden to dispose of — so they're put to use wherever they can be. Here they make a security fence.

To keep vehicles from getting bogged down in the mud, these wooden boards are often laid down.

But they're not always practical, so a nearby gravel mine pumps out stone to layer the roads.

The gravel mine produces its own uniquely colored pools of water.

But they don't compare to the deep orange of this oil sand pit we passed in the plane moments later.

The companies out here all have their own landfills, even though city officials are building a state-of-the-art incinerator as part of their modernization effort.

Most oil workers live in housing like this and are bused in to the compound from their homes in Fort McMurray.

The average dump truck driver working the mines makes about $55 an hour plus overtime. The average family income here is around $190,000 a year.

That kind of money prompts many people to settle down and stay far longer than they planned. (This is where the pilot lives with his parents.)

The provincial government tests the area waters constantly.

Overall, the oil sands, with up to 2 trillion barrels of oil in the ground, is a complex place.

And despite how you feel about the environmental impact oil companies may have on the world...http://www.businessinsider.com/best-tech-accessories-under-10-dollars-2016-910 must-have tech accessories under $10The Insider Picks team writes about stuff we think you'll like. Business Insider has affiliate partnerships, so we get a share of the revenue from your purchase. Technology can get expensive, but even the most useful tech doesn't have to cost that much. Strip away a bunch of bells and whistles and you have products that can provide a tremendous amount of value without breaking the bank. These 10 products will keep your devices charged and safe, while also keeping you entertained and free from clutter. If you have $20 or $50 to spend, your options open up dramatically, but you'd be surprised at what you can get for less than $10. View As: One Page Slides

A USB hub If you use a lot of accessories, chances are you'll probably run out of USB ports. This is especially true with notebooks, which have fewer USB ports to begin with. If you don't want to go all out and get a dock for your computer, this 4-port USB hub will probably do the trick. I like this hub because these are USB 3.0 ports, which are significantly faster than older USB 2.0 ports. You'll notice that difference the most if you connect an external hard drive to this hub for backups. Anker Ultra Slim 4-Port USB 3.0 Data Hub, $9.99, available at Amazon

A USB phone charger for your car Because Apple has removed the headphone jack on the iPhone 7, this multiport car charger is next on my to-buy list. It's great if you want to charge multiple devices at once, but I'm going to use it to keep my phone and Bluetooth audio adapter charged. That way I can listen to music through my car's stereo, and make sure my iPhone has enough juice to get me to my destination. Anker 24W Dual USB Car Charger PowerDrive 2, $9.99, available at Amazon

A multiport USB adapter If you argue with roommates or family members about who gets to charge their phone next, save yourself the aggravation and pick up one of these power adapters. Two people can charge their devices at once, and each USB port supplies 2.4 amps of power, which is great if your device supports fast charging. AUKEY USB Wall Charger, $9.99, available at Amazon

A phone case The world of phone cases is huge. You can get them in any shape or size, but I typically prefer slim, clear cases like this one. They're not the most protective, so if you're accident-prone, it might be better to get something beefier. And if you care about aesthetics at all, this is my current case. That said, a case like this will keep the back of your phone from getting scratched without changing how your phone fits in your hand and pocket. JETech Apple iPhone 7/8 Case Shock-Absorption Bumper COVER, $6.99, available at Amazon

A screen protector I'm just getting into the idea of screen protectors. For a while they were super thin and didn't seem to do much, but I understand their appeal now, especially if you use a slim case. Instead of a film, these screen protectors are made of glass, so they'll be able to withstand a small drop and keep your phone's screen from getting scratched by keys. iPhone 6/6s/7/8 Screen Protector Glass, $7.99, available at Amazon

A laptop sleeve If you'd like some added protection when carrying your laptop around in a backpack or messenger bag, the easiest way to do that is put it in a sleeve. Arvok's option accommodates laptops up to 14-inches in size and is water resistant, which comes in handy if you get caught in the rain. Arvok 13-14 Inch Laptop Sleeve, $8.99, available at Amazon

A phone stand If you keep your phone or tablet sitting on your desk, it's worth investing in a stand. I've gone through periods of using and not using a stand, and in my experience using one has two benefits. The first is I end up using my devices more, because they're right there. That's especially true of a tablet, which I can use for research while typing on my computer (at least that's how I used to do things). The other is that if you keep your devices in one spot, you're more likely to keep a charging cable nearby so you'll always have a full charge. This stand even has a hole you can thread a cable through to encourage that. Lamicall S1 iPhone Stand, $9.99, available at Amazon

A Lightning cable Speaking of cables, it's always good to have a spare or two around just in case. Cables have a tendency to fray, or get left at a friend's house or hotel room. I like this AmazonBasics cable, in particular, because it's made well and is six feet long. I string a cable up between my wall and bed to charge my devices at night and this has worked perfectly in that case. Plus, this cable is MFi-certified, so you know it'll work with all your devices. AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning-to-USB Cable, $7.99, available at Amazon

Headphones Don't expect audio miracles in this price range. But for a pair of headphones that cost under $5 people seem to be pretty pleased. They have gummy tips, and three different sizes come in the box so chances are you'll find a set that fit. These are barebones headphones, there's no microphone so you won't be able to play or pause your music without taking out your phone. You also won't be able to take calls. Still, if you're looking for a super cheap pair of earbuds to throw in your pocket without worrying, you could do worse than this pair. MEE Audio RX18 Comfort-Fit In-Ear Headphones with Enhanced Bass, $5.99, available at Amazonhttp://www.businessinsider.com/young-bitcoin-millionaires-living-in-crypto-castle-sf-2017-8Over half a dozen residents of this San Francisco 'castle' have become bitcoin millionaires — take a look insideThe Crypto Castle is a three-story home in San Francisco where young tech workers eat, sleep, party, and plot the future of money. A majority of the millennial tenants invest in bitcoin, a new kind of payment system that allows people to buy things and send money with anonymity. There are no banks or middlemen. Transactions are recorded on a digital ledger called a blockchain. Cryptocurrencies (of which bitcoin is the most popular) have been on a tear. Bitcoin surged in value from about $200 per token in 2015 to above $8,200, an all-time high, on November 20. Some believe the digital payment system is headed for a bubble that's destined to pop. "Over a half-dozen people in the time they've lived in my house have become millionaires as a result of crypto," said Jeremy Gardner, a 25-year-old entrepreneur and investor. In 2015, Gardner, then-director of operations at Augur, a market forecasting tool that runs on the blockchain, put down a $20,000 deposit to rent the house. It's since become a landing pad for people working in the cryptocurrency space. Here's what it's like to live in the Crypto Castle. View As: One Page Slides

The Crypto Castle is, by appearances, a fraternity-like space for young bitcoin investors.

Not everyone who lives here works in bitcoin tech, though any resident could pitch you on its merits. Some entrepreneurs moved in simply because they needed a place to crash.

In 2015, Gardner surveyed the city to find a house-slash-office for his startup, Augur. When he found a three-story home in an upscale neighborhood — located about a half-hour drive from Silicon Valley — he forked over the $20,000 rental deposit. The Crypto Castle was born.

The house has since become a "landing pad for anyone doing cool stuff for the industry," Gardner said. Most residents and guests, who sleep in bunks, are in their early 20s.

"I don't think you can be in this house for two hours without being evangelized," Gardner said. His net worth has exploded since buying bitcoin at $200 a token in 2013.

Vivian Ford, vice president of operations at Comma, a self-driving-car technology startup, started investing in bitcoin within a week of moving in, calling it "the best investment I've ever made." Now, her friends are coming out of the woodwork to ask for her financial guidance. "They'll text me like, 'I think we should meet up — you seem to know a lot about this crypto stuff,' and it's like, ugh, do your reading," Ford told me on a recent visit to the house.

Another roommate, Alex Voto, runs a research lab at Palo Alto's Institute for the Future. He forecasts how bitcoin might affect the social, economic, and political spheres.

As you move through the house, it becomes clear that this is no ordinary residence.

Anyone who wishes to become a full-time resident must read the current issue of "Distributed," a cryptocurrency trade magazine. A stack sits at the front door.

The fridge wears cryptocurrency-related startup stickers like badges of honor.

The kitchen comes stocked with two beverages: Soylent (a chalky-tasting meal-replacement beverage backed by venture capital) and booze. Lots of booze.

A few tenants said living among so many motivated tech workers can be exhausting. Ford recalled coming back from a run one Saturday and being bombarded by her coworkers.

Until 2016, her employer, Comma, ran operations out of the basement. Founder George Hotz, a Silicon Valley wunderkind, built his first self-driving car in the garage.

Hotz also lived in this closet. "The work-life balance just didn't exist," Ford said.

Aaron Power-Bearden, an equities trader and a bitcoin enthusiast, said he enjoys the late-night talks with his housemates in the living room. "Mostly it's about finance," he said.

One house guest told me that the last time he was at the house, a random inhabitant grilled him a hot dog. "Two weeks later, I found out it was the cofounder of Oculus," he said.

In the Crypto Castle, no one needs to travel far to find smart, like-minded people.

The Crypto Castle offers prices that can't be beat in the nation's most expensive rental market. Tenants split the monthly rent. Gardner guesses the home is worth $3 million.http://www.businessinsider.com/the-20-best-smartphones-in-the-world-2017-11The 20 best smartphones in the worldThe gap between good and great smartphones is getting smaller and smaller, and ranking smartphones is becoming harder and harder. There's a lot to consider here, such as specs, features, design, and price. Thankfully, most of these smartphones come with more than enough power, great designs, and tons of features. The biggest thing to watch out for in the next month is price. Phones like the OnePlus 5T and Essential Phone cost as little as $500, and there isn't a huge difference between them and the $800-plus phones on this list. Prices of big-name smartphones are increasing, but the moderately priced premium Android phone is clearly making a comeback, and it's better than ever. Check out the top 20 smartphones you can buy. View As: One Page Slides

20. BlackBerry Classic If you're still a BlackBerry fan, you'll love the Classic. It looks like older BlackBerry models but features a sharp touchscreen and an excellent physical keyboard. Price: $240

19. Sony XZ Premium Jeff Dunn, my former colleague, reviewed this phone for Business Insider, and he summed it up perfectly: On the one hand, "this is a good phone," he wrote."The screen is great, the software is clean, and the whole thing is superfast." But on the other, "with its underwhelming battery and slippery, sometimes uncomfortable design, it's not the device that should reverse Sony's fortunes." Previously priced at $800, the XZ Premium is now available for less than $600 on Amazon, which makes it easier to live with its shortcomings. Price: $570 Read the Sony XZ Premium review »

18. BlackBerry KeyOne The KeyOne is BlackBerry's successor to the Priv. Both run Android and feature physical keyboards. But while the Priv's keyboard slid out from behind its screen, the KeyOne's is permanently located just below its display. The KeyOne is a great device for those who want a physical keyboard and access to Google's apps and services, which aren't available on other BlackBerry devices. Price: $500 Read the BlackBerry KeyOne review »

17. Motorola Moto G5 Plus The Moto G5 Plus continues to be our favorite budget-friendly Android smartphone. It demonstrates that "good-but-not-great hardware can become strong value at the right price," as Dunn said in his review. With the G5 Plus, you get a 5.2-inch 1080p screen, a fingerprint scanner, great battery life, a 12-megapixel camera that beats those of other phones in its price range, a nearly pristine version of Android, and a sleek design. All for a mere $230. It doesn't have as many features as premium phones. For example, it doesn't have an NFC antenna, so it can't be used for mobile payments. And to charge the G5 Plus, you'll have to use a microUSB cable — it doesn't support USB-C, the newer, faster phone-charging standard. Price: $230 Read the Moto G5 Plus review »

16. Motorola Moto G5S Plus The Moto G5S Plus is an upgrade from the G5 Plus. The newer phone features an all-metal design, whereas the previous one has a half-metal, half-plastic case. And the new phone has a bigger screen — a 5.5-inch display versus 5.2-inch one. But one of the biggest improvements is in the camera. The G5S Plus has a 13-megapixel dual-lens camera system. Price: $280

15. Motorola Moto Z2 Force The new Moto Z2 Force comes with everything you'd expect from a premium smartphone. As Dunn noted in his review, it's "very fast, its screen looks good, its cameras are capable of taking nice photos, and it has a razor-thin frame." And its 5.5-inch Amoled display is more resistant to cracking than most other smartphones' screens. However, the Z2 Force is a little too reliant on Motorola's Mods — the company's line of snap-on accessories, including external speakers and bigger batteries, designed for its Z-series phones. Without such Mods, the Z2 Force doesn't feel like a complete-enough device to push it higher on this list. Price: $720 Check out the Moto Z2 Force review »

13. HTC U11 The U11 has an excellent camera, an eye-catching reflective back, and speedy performance. And it has a fun feature that allows you to squeeze its edges to open any app you want, including Google Assistant. In most respects, it's a great Android smartphone. But it has two notable shortcomings — it lacks a headphone jack and the borders around its display are relatively large, something that now looks "old-fashioned" in terms of design. Price: $650 Read the HTC U11 review »

12. LG G6 The G6 is LG's best smartphone, and it's truly great. With it, LG is finally offering a phone with a premium design and water resistance — features that put the G6 in the same league as Samsung and Apple's flagship devices. The G6 has a good dual-lens camera. It also has a slightly longer than average screen that's great for viewing and using apps, because it shows more of them than a standard display. But the G6 has one notable downside — an older processor. Its Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 chip was superseded by the Snapdragon 835 just two months after the G6 launched. Unlike the G6, Samsung's Galaxy S8, one of its chief rivals, has the newer chip. While the Snapdragon 821 is still a great processor, its likely to become obsolete sooner than its successor, and the G6 is likely to start seeming slower sooner than the Galaxy S8. Price: $545 Read the LG G6 review »

11. Essential Phone The Essential Phone is a gorgeous device. It has a mostly edge-to-edge display and a case made of ultra-premium materials — ceramic on the back and titanium on the sides. It also runs a near-stock version of Android, which I prefer over the heavily modified versions that Samsung and LG phones tend to use. Overall, the Phone is a great first effort from Essential. It's a speedy performer, and it takes great photos, too. It has two magnetic pins on its back that serve as a connection point for peripherals including a 360-degree camera and a wireless charging dock. Essential recently dropped the price of the Phone from $700 to $500. That's a great deal for a great phone. Price: $500 Read the Essential Phone review »

10. Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ The Galaxy S8 and S8+ are among the best looking smartphone out right now. It's better looking than Apple's iPhone 8, and it's sleeker than Samsung's Note 8. With the S8 and S8+, Samsung took the curved glass design it used with the S7 and refined it. Meanwhile, the ultra-narrow borders around the S8's screen make it the new standard for premium smartphone design. In addition to their good looks, the Galaxy S8 phones are also full of great features. They're water resistant. They have taller-than-average screens that allow you to see more of your apps or web pages. They supports both fast and wireless charging, and face and iris recognition. They have one of the best cameras, and unlike Apple Pay or Android Pay, Samsung Pay wireless payments service work on pretty much every credit card reader. The home button is also hidden beneath the display, so it's familiar to use compared to new phones that have ditched the home button entirely. With all those attributes, you're likely wondering why the S8 phones didn't make the top of this list. Here's why: I'm not a fan of TouchWiz, Samsung's software interface that runs on top of Android. I prefer the clean look and features of stock Android. But it's more than a simple personal preference. Modifications like TouchWiz almost always prevent the phones running them from installing the latest Android updates when they're released. And that's the case here. The S8 phones do rely on TouchWiz for face and iris recognition capabilities. But those features don't make up for their likely inability to install timely Android updates. Price: Galaxy S8 $638 Price: Galaxy S8+ $704 Read the Samsung Galaxy S8 review »

9. Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are now a year old, but at their new $550 and $670 price tags, they easily beats the Galaxy S8 phones. Apple phones generally offer better apps and a better owner experience than their Android rivals, and the iPhone 7 is no different. The support you get from Apple if something goes wrong is much better than what you get from Android device makers. And unlike on most Android phones, with iPhones you can always get the latest software updates straight from Apple as soon as it releases them. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus offer some compelling features, including a water-resistant case, a great camera that performs well in low light, and a powerful processor. It also works really well with other Apple products, including the company's wireless AirPods headphones. The iPhone 7 Plus' dual-lens camera systems is the key feature. It allows you to take pictures with a professional-looking "bokeh" effect, which blurs the background behind the photo's subject. The second camera in its system is a telephoto lens that offers a 2x optical zoom. Unlike the digital zoom feature found in other cameras, an optical zoom allows you to enlarge an image of your subject without sacrificing picture quality. Price: $550 Price: $670 Check out the iPhone 7 review »

8. Razer Phone The Razer Phone is marketed as a "gaming" phone, mostly because of its unique display that plays games incredibly smoothly. Indeed, the Razer Phone's display can achieve up to 120 frames per second (fps), whereas most phones only go up to 60 fps. Having twice the fps makes for super-smooth gameplay. But high fps isn't just for gamers. The Android operating system running on the Razer Phone, as well as apps, gets the high fps treatment, too, and it works beautifully. Everything you do on the phone is ultra-smooth in a way that we've never seen before on a smartphone. In fact, Razer may have inadvertently set a new standard for how all phone displays should work moving forward, not just gaming phones. It also has an eye-catching industrial design compared to most sleek and svelte Android phones. The large bezels above and below the Razer Phone's display may not appeal to everyone, especially since most phones in 2017 have switched over to bezel-less designs. However, hiding beneath those massive bezels are the loudest and best smartphone speakers we've heard on any smartphone. Price: $700

7. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 With its gorgeous design, the ultra-thin borders around its screen, its beautiful display, fast performance, dual-lens camera system, and fancy stylus-based features, the Note 8 takes the best attributes of Samsung's Galaxy S and Note smartphone lines and smashes them together into a phone that's hard to beat. Price: $920 Check out the Galaxy Note 8 review »

6. OnePlus 5T If you're not looking to spend $850 or more on a large-screened phone, the OnePlus 5T is the Android phone to get. It's truly a fantastic phone that's only made better by its incredible $500 starting price. It also comes with more RAM than any other smartphone we've tried, which guarantees top performance. On top of that, its camera is great and comes with a portrait mode that competes with the iPhone X and Pixel 2 phones. And, my personal favorite feature, it runs a near-stock version of Android. Price: $500 Check out the OnePlus 5T review »

5. Google Pixel 2 The Pixel 2 might not be the most beautiful Android phone you can buy, but its secret weapon is its pure Android experience. The device runs the latest version of the operating system. Because it's unadulterated, that version looks and runs better than any of the tweaked takes on Android other phone makers include with their devices. Better yet, because the Pixel 2's Android is unmodified, you'll be able to install the latest updates to the operating system as soon as Google rolls them out. That's not something you can usually do with other Android phones. It's something I feel is important because who doesn't want the latest software from the top software company in the world? But the Pixel 2 has other features that help put it ahead of other Android devices, including its amazingly good camera, excellent performance, and great battery life. It's like a less attractive but smarter Samsung Galaxy phone. The Pixel 2 is also water resistant, unlike its predecessor, the original Pixel. But while we rated that device higher than last year's iPhone 7, the new device doesn't out rate the new iPhone 8. While the iPhone 8 supports wireless charging and ships with a set of headphones, the Pixel 2 offers neither. Price: $650 Check out the Pixel 2 review »

4. Google Pixel 2 XL The Pixel 2 XL has nearly the same components and features that make the Pixel 2 great, but it comes in a bigger package with a larger display and an updated, fresher-looking design. The Pixel 2 XL isn't the best looking Android phone, but with the narrow borders around its screen, it looks sleeker and more refined than its smaller sibling or its predecessors from last year. And the unadulterated Android experience it offers is unbeatable. You should note, though, that users and reviewers have reported encountering several different problems with the Pixel 2 XL, mostly with its screen. I haven't experienced any of the reported problems while testing my review unit, so I'm not factoring them into the phone's ranking. Users were also complaining that colors on the Pixel 2 XL's display weren't as vibrant as other top Android phones. Google has recently issued an update that makes colors more vibrant. Price: $850 Check out the Pixel 2 XL review »

3. Apple iPhone 8 Google's original Pixel phones topped last year's iPhone 7. But now that the iPhones are here, Apple is back on top. The iPhone 8 comes with a refined glass and metal case, a superb camera, and incredible performance. With it, Apple is finally supporting both wireless and fast charging — features that Android phones have long offered but had been missing from previous iPhones. What pushes the iPhone 8 ahead of the Android pack is its iOS operating system and the broader Apple ecosystem. You can get the latest updates straight from Apple as soon as they're released, iOS apps are generally better designed than their Android counterparts, and if something goes wrong with your phone, you can get help at one of the hundreds of Apple stores. Price: $700 Check out the iPhone 8 review »

2. Apple iPhone 8 Plus The iPhone 8 Plus includes all the best things about the iPhone 8. But it adds to those a bigger, better screen and a dual-lens camera system that features a telephoto lens and the ability to take shots similar to those you could capture with a professional camera. Price: $800 Check out the iPhone 8 review »http://www.businessinsider.com/the-best-wall-street-movies-2016-1125 Wall Street movies to watch over ThanksgivingThe market is closed. The world is at a standstill. It's Thanksgiving Day, and you've probably just stuffed your face with turkey and pumpkin pie. That doesn't mean you can't get a little Wall Street in your day, though. Why not kick back on the couch and watch one of these Wall Street movies? You'll definitely enjoy yourself, and you might even learn something. View As: One Page Slides

"It's A Wonderful Life" (1946) In a sentence: It's a heartwarming classic that will never get old. Plot: A guardian angel shows businessman George Bailey what life would be like if he never existed. Genre: Family

"Trading Places" (1983) In a sentence: No movie about Wall Street is funnier than the 1983 comedy "Trading Places." Plot: Eddie Murphy and Dan Aykroyd are at their best as director John Landis tells the tale of how one man's fall from Wall Street is another man's blessing. Watching Murphy talk about futures and markets is hilarious and unparalleled in humor. Genre: Comedy

"Trader" (1987) In a sentence: Brilliant — if you can find it. Plot: Made in 1987 during the raging bull market, this little-known documentary stars Paul Tudor Jones and chronicles his day-to-day life as an active investor. Jones uses techniques like historical chart reading, taken from Jesse Livermore, to predict the Black Monday crash. Even though it portrays Jones in a positive light, finding a legitimate and legal copy of this movie is nearly impossible to find, as it's rumored that Jones bought all 1,000 copies in existence. Genre: Documentary

"Wall Street" (1987) In a sentence: The classic Wall Street film. Plot: Oliver Stone originally set out to depict the greed associated with Wall Street in the 1980s. Little did he know his movie would become one of the finest pieces of financial cinema ever created. Traders still go nuts for this movie, and everyone loves Michael Douglas' character, Gordon Gekko, who is modeled partly after Michael Milken and Ivan Boesky. Genre: Drama/crime

"Dealers" (1989) In a sentence: A British classic about prop traders working in "the City" for Whitney Paine, a fictional US investment bank. Plot: One of Whitney Paine's top traders kills himself in the boardroom following a $100 million trading loss. Other prop traders at the firm want to step into his place and save the firm. Trader Daniel Pascoe (Paul McGann) thinks he's the one for the job. The bank sends over a trader, Anna Schuman, from the US.

Genre: Drama Source: IMDb

"Bonfire of the Vanities" (1990) In a sentence: The film's ability to tackle different New York City social classes is without question. Plot: Originally a book by Tom Wolfe, "Bonfire of the Vanities" targeted the Manhattan elite of the 1980s and their distance from the rest of the city. Tom Hanks, as the film's lead, gets involved in an extramarital affair, and a tragic murder results. It remains excellent viewing to understand New York's stratification today. Genre: Comedy/drama

"Other People's Money" (1991) In a sentence: It's a romantic comedy about a corporate raider. Plot: Corporate raider Lawrence "Larry the Liquidator" Garfield (Danny DeVito) attempts to buy a struggling small-town Rhode Island company. The CEO hires his stepdaughter, an attorney, to fight him off. Garfield becomes enamored with her. Genre: Comedy/romance/drama Source: IMDb

"Working Girl" (1988) In a sentence: An investment banker's secretary has her investment idea stolen by her boss, so she gets revenge by pretending she has her boss's job. Plot: An ambitious secretary, Tess McGill (Melanie Griffith), is assigned to be the secretary for M&A banker Katherine Parker (Sigourney Weaver). Her new boss lets her share ideas. When Katherine breaks her leg on vacation in a ski accident, Tess is asked to look after things at her home and office. That's when she discovers that Katherine took one of her ideas and passed it off as her own. Tess uses it as an opportunity to pretend she has her boss's job. She then works with another banker, Jack Trainer (Harrison Ford), on her idea. Genre: Romantic comedy Source: IMDb

"Glengarry Glen Ross" (1992) In a sentence: "The leads are weak? You're weak!" — Alec Baldwin Plot: "Glengarry Glen Ross" takes place off of Wall Street but still portrays the incentives that salespeople deal with, including bonuses, cars, and doing anything to close the sale. Alec Baldwin is only in the movie for about 10 minutes but gives a speech that deserves an Oscar to a group of all-star actors including Jack Lemmon, Kevin Spacey, and Ed Harris. Genre: Drama

"The Associate" (1996) In a sentence: The film takes on gender and race issues on Wall Street. Plot: Whoopi Goldberg is an associate for an investment firm. Even though she has great advice, no one will take her seriously on Wall Street because she's a black woman. Over the phone, though, people listen to her. She starts a new firm and invents a fictional white man named Robert S. Cutty to be her partner. Genre: Comedy

"The Game" (1997) In a sentence: A high-flying San Francisco banker gets a disturbing present for his 48th birthday. Plot: Michael Douglas plays wealthy investment banker Nicholas Van Orton, who is a loner. When Van Orton was a kid, he witnessed his father kill himself on his 48th birthday. It's Van Orton's 48th birthday, and his estranged brother and only sibling Conrad (Sean Penn) comes to visit him. Conrad gives Van Orton a gift from Consumer Recreation Services — a disturbing live-action game that takes over his life. Genre: Mystery/thriller Source: IMDb

"Rogue Trader" (1999) In a sentence: A faster-paced, British version of "Wall Street." Plot: Based on the real-life story of Barings Bank trader Nick Leeson, "Rogue Trader" stars Ewan McGregor doing a surprisingly awesome job of emulating the British wunderkind, down to his addiction to fruit candies. It was a relatively unsuccessful movie at the box office, but it's entertaining. Genre: Crime/drama/history

"Boiler Room" (2000) In a sentence: If you've ever worked in sales or telemarketing, this should seem all too familiar to you. Plot: Vin Diesel and Giovanni Ribisi as Long Island pump-and-dump brokers? Count us in. This classic flick showcases Ribisi's rise to the top as he learns the ins and outs of operating in a boiler room out of Long Island. It's very similar to Jordan Belfort's upbringing, minus the yachts and excessive drug use. Genre: Crime/drama/thriller

"American Psycho" (2000) In a sentence: You'll never look at business cards the same way again. Plot: Patrick Bateman (Christian Bale) is the consummate Wall Street professional, beyond the fact that he's losing his mind. Throughout the film, Bateman utters some absolute classics, including a soliloquy on Phil Collins that likely changed his career forever. The film also made "the Dorsia" a catch-all for an exclusive restaurant. Genre: Crime/drama

"The Family Man" (2000) In a sentence: A successful dealmaker who thought he had everything gets a glimpse at what life could have been if he married his college girlfriend and had a family. Plot: Investment banker Jack Campbell (Nicolas Cage) thought he had everything. For the last 13 years, he lived the single life in NYC, working for a high-profile investment firm, doing deals, and driving a Ferrari. One day he wakes up and finds he's married to his college girlfriend, Kate, whom he left. They have kids, and he's driving a minivan and working for a tire company. Genre: Comedy/drama Source: IMDb

"Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room" (2005) In a sentence: One of the best documentaries ever made. Ever. Plot: "Enron" tells the tale of Enron's rise and fall from grace, including the strange tales of executives Ken Lay, Jeff Skilling, Andy Fastow, and Timothy Belden. This breathtaking movie also features interviews from former energy traders and hedge fund short-seller Jim Chanos. Genre: Documentary

"Firewall" (2006) In a sentence: A security executive is forced to rob the bank that he has spent 20 years protecting in order to save his family. Plot: Harrison Ford plays Jack Stanfield, the head of security for Seattle-based Landrock Pacific Bank. Paul Bettany's character, Bill Cox, is a businessman who holds Jack and his family hostage. He forces Jack to steal $10,000 from each of the bank's top depositors — $100 million total — to pay the ransom. Genre: Crime/thriller Source: IMDb

"Wall Street 2: Money Never Sleeps" (2010) In a sentence: It's the sequel to Oliver Stone's classic. Plot: Gordon Gekko gets out of prison for securities fraud. He teams up with his future son-in-law, Jacob, to repair the relationship with his daughter, Winnie. Gekko also helps Jacob get back at the man who screwed over his mentor's firm. Genre: Drama

"Quants: The Alchemists of Wall Street" (2010) In a sentence: A rare look inside the minds of mathematical geniuses who have invented financial models that have both destroyed and made Wall Street.a Plot: Quants is a 45-minute documentary on the inner workings of quantitative analysts on Wall Street. Genre: Documentary

"The Pit" (2010) In one sentence: A slightly sad look at the end of the open-outcry trading floor. Plot: Follow a bunch of veteran traders as they discuss their careers and the end of their way of doing business. Genre: Documentary

"Too Big to Fail" (2011) In one sentence: Surely you remember the financial crisis. Plot: Lehman Brothers implodes, global markets are at risk, and Washington has to catch up to save the economy. Genre: Drama

"Margin Call" (2011) In a sentence: Consider this one a new classic. Director and writer JC Chandor said he "came up with this conceit of locking these investment bankers in on the night when one of them thinks that he has found out that the world is coming to an end." Plot: One banker creates a model that shows that his firm is completely underwater, but before he can show anyone, he gets fired. He hands his model off to a junior banker and the firm goes into emergency mode trying to save everything. Genre: Drama

"Cosmopolis" (2012) In a sentence: You may come out of this one scratching your head. Plot: Eric Packer, a billionaire investor, rides around Manhattan in his state-of-the-art limo/office. Throughout the day, you'll meet his wife, his lover, and his associates. After a currency speculation goes awry, Packer's life begins to unravel. Enter murder and intrigue. Genre: Drama/thriller

"Arbitrage" (2012) In a sentence: A solid job on everyone's part, but maybe not a stunner. Plot: Richard Gere plays a troubled hedge fund manager, Robert Miller, who is trying to sell his trading empire before anyone finds out he has cooked the books. One night he accidentally falls asleep while driving with his mistress, and she dies. To cover it up, he has to get help from an unlikely source. Genre: Drama/thrillerhttp://www.businessinsider.com/alan-wilzig-cuts-price-of-townhouse-again-2017-5No one wants to buy this $18.75 million townhouse owned by a real-life 'Wolf of Wall Street'-erAlan Wilzig is the inspiration for a character in "The Wolf of Wall Street."

He's been trying to sell his Tribeca townhouse for years.

The home recently had its price chopped by another $1 million.

Alan Wilzig, the real-life inspiration for a character in "The Wolf of Wall Street," is having a hard time getting rid of his New York City home. Wilzig's Tribeca mansion has been on the market since 2014, when it listed for $44 million. It was later offered for $24.885 million and is now up for sale again for $18.75 million, down from $19.75 million in its fourth price chop. Each time the townhouse gets relisted, its staging gets more and more tame. Many of its more eccentric features have disappeared and it's now more of a typical space in line with the surrounding area. The 6,500-square-foot townhouse has a 2,200-square-foot roof deck, backyard, three bedrooms, and an attached multipurpose garage. Wilzig inspired the character who introduced Leonardo DiCaprio's character to his future wife in a pool-party scene in the 2013 film. Jane Powers of Douglas Elliman now has the listing. Megan Willett and April Walloga contributed reporting to an earlier version of this article. View As: One Page Slides

Entrepreneur and semiprofessional race car driver Alan Wilzig is selling his townhouse for $18.75 million.

It also has 3,000 square feet of outdoor space.

It's been given a semi-tropical vibe ...

... complete with a hot tub.

There seems to have been a complete overhaul of the decor since it was first listed in 2014.

This area was previously home to a neon pink aquarium and a motorcycle display. The aquarium is still there, but it's much more subtle now.

Speaking of motorcycles, Wilzig is a big fan. He kept his in the attached garage.

In general, though, the home's decor seems to have been toned down quite a bit.

The kitchen has bar seating, a chalkboard wall, and a huge counter.

Even the media room was able to shed its bachelor pad vibe.

The master bedroom has plenty of room for a king-size bed. It's also a safe room, equipped with Kevlar and steel-enforced drywall, plus a 1,488-pound door that has six deadbolts.

The master suite comes with a closet with an enviable amount of space.

There are four bedrooms in total.

The home also comes with Wilzig's tanning bed. You'll find it next to the sauna in the basement.http://www.businessinsider.com/richest-victorias-secret-models-2017-5These are the 9 highest-paid Victoria's Secret modelsThe annual Victoria's Secret Fashion Show will be taking place in Shanghai, China, Monday evening, and broadcast on November 28.

The fashion show is considered one of the most prestigious gigs a model can land. Gaining your "Angel wings" — intricately designed pairs of wings given to the most highly regarded models in the show — is a whole other privilege.

Jan Planit, who used to head up top modeling agency IMG and now runs Planit Model Management, once told the New York Post: "There are very few special things you can achieve as a model. Getting your Angel wings is the ultimate."

The iconic shows are famed for their dramatic, colorful, and skimpy outfits, as well as their impressive lineup of entertainment. This year's musical guests include Harry Styles, Miguel, and Leslie Odom Jr.

Last year, 51 top models made the final cut for the show, just 14 of whom were designated "Victoria's Secret Angels" — brand ambassadors who travel the world promoting Victoria's Secret year-round. Best friends Gigi Hadid and Kendall Jenner became the most recent models to earn their wings on stage at the 2016 show.

While being in the show or getting wings are honors in themselves, the money doesn't hurt either. Nine of the models who appeared in the 2016 show appeared on Forbes' list of the world’s 20 highest-paid models in 2016.

Scroll down to see the highest-paid Victoria's Secret models from last year's show, ranking in ascending order by their 2016 earnings, according to Forbes.

*The earnings are an estimate based on income from all modeling contracts, both from Victoria Secret as well as other companies.http://www.businessinsider.com/nyc-commutes-in-photos-2017-11This photographer captured shots of New Yorkers on their way to work for 10 years — and it shows how repetitive a commute can beThe photographer Peter Funch photographed the same Manhattan corner during the morning rush hour for 10 years.

Intrigued by the idea of repetition, he captured photos of the same people on their way to work.

His new book, "42nd and Vanderbilt," is a collection of his work from the series.



About 700,000 people pass through Manhattan's Grand Central Terminal on their way to work every day.

In 2007, the photographer Peter Funch began staking out a corner of the station, at 42nd Street and Vanderbilt Avenue, to document those commuters. Funch would snap photos from 8:30 to 9:30 a.m., and he would often photograph the same subject twice — sometimes days apart, other times years.

Fascinated by these small moments of human behavior, Funch created a series that explores the seemingly mundane. His unknowing subjects are captured smoking, listening and singing along to music, watching people, and making eye contact with other commuters.

"All these moments are telling small stories about us," he told Business Insider.

His new book, "42nd and Vanderbilt," places his subjects side by side. The two photos, taken at different moments, show the similarities in the day-to-day and explore the idea of repetition and ritual. Funch said the photos captured "that trance we are in when going from A to B."http://www.businessinsider.com/how-to-trick-yourself-into-saving-more-money-2017-11How to trick yourself into saving more moneySaving money isn't that hard. What's hard is keeping money saved. It's too easy to cut expenses in one area only to spend more somewhere else. Sticking cash into savings won't help if it comes right back out again. What you need are some ways to trick yourself into savings that actually last. View As: One Page Slides

1. Automate it Willpower is overrated. Set up automatic transfers, and you likely won't miss the money as it's whisked from your paycheck to your retirement fund (for example) or from your checking account to savings.

2. Hide it Part two of the out-of-sight, out-of-mind approach is to make sure you're not regularly reminded that you have this money. Set up savings accounts at a separate institution from the one that has your checking account, so you're not seeing your savings balance every time you log on. Sign up for paperless statements for retirement accounts, and then don't check them more than once or twice a year. (But don't ignore these accounts entirely — set up text or email alerts for any withdrawals or unusual activity so you can catch fraud.)

3. Name it Labeling an account with its purpose can be a powerful deterrent to tapping the money for other uses. Online banks allow you to set up multiple sub-accounts at no extra cost, and each one can be given a name: vacation, property taxes, new car fund, holidays and so on. It's a lot easier to dip into a nameless savings account than one that says "Dream Trip to Bora Bora." The names make you think about what you're really sacrificing when you spend the money thoughtlessly. You may not be able to rename your employer retirement fund, but you often can input nicknames for IRAs and other brokerage accounts. How about "Freedom Fund"?

4. Use an app Digit analyzes your checking account transactions, then transfers money you won’t miss into a Digit savings account. Acorns does something similar but looks across all your accounts and invests the spare money. Bank of America has a program called Keep the Change that rounds up debit card purchases to the nearest dollar and transfers the change into your savings account.

5. Lock it up You should keep at least $500 cash easily accessible for small emergencies. Beyond that, consider creating some barriers to accessing the money. Certificates of deposit can be a good option for savings accounts, since you pay a small penalty if you break into them early. If you're tempted to cash in retirement funds, remember that taxes and penalties typically will equal 25% to 50% of any withdrawal.

6. Save your rewards Use a cash-back rewards credit card for your expenses, pay the balance in full every month and regularly transfer the rewards to your savings account or IRA.

7. Divert it Every time you cancel a subscription, disconnect a service or pay off a debt, divert that monthly payment into savings.

8. Bank your windfalls Define a windfall broadly as any extra money that lands in your lap: rebates, bonuses, refunds (including your tax refund). Carve out 10% to spend any way you want and then save the rest.

9. Make it a game Some people save every $5 or $10 bill that wanders into their wallets. Others stuff every $1 bill they get into a change jar at the end of the day. Every month, feed the green to your savings account.http://www.businessinsider.com/best-photos-of-year-2017-1150 amazing photos taken in 2017This year, 600 award-winning Reuters photojournalists worked across the world to document both major historic moments and the human stories that might otherwise have gone unnoticed. The team won the Pulitzer Prize in the Breaking News Photography category in 2016, and in 2017, their efforts have only continued. Ahead, take a look at 50 of the most amazing photos captured by Reuters in 2017. Editor's note: Many of the images in this slideshow depict graphic violence and injury, and many are upsetting. All captions are by Reuters. View As: One Page Slides

School children attend a yoga session at a camp in Ahmedabad, India, on January 5, 2017.

Kashmiri Muslims raise their arms upon seeing a relic of Sheikh Abdul Qadir Jilani, a Sufi saint, being displayed at his shrine on the occasion of his death anniversary, on a cold winter morning in Srinagar, on January 10, 2017.

A commuter jumps between trains upon arrival at a station, to attend Akheri Munajat, the final supplication during Biswa Ijtema in Tongi, on the outskirts of Dhaka, on January 15, 2017.

A man rides a horse through flames during the annual "Luminarias" celebration on the eve of Saint Anthony's day, Spain's patron saint of animals, in the village of San Bartolome de Pinares, northwest of Madrid, Spain, on January 16, 2017.

Loved ones and mourners surround the coffins of Maximo Pepito (left), 49, and his brother Marlon Pepito, 42, victims of a summary execution by unknown assailants related to the drug war, during their funeral at the Navotas cemetery, north of Metro Manila, Philippines, on January 31, 2017.

Natan Cabral, 5, stands on the cracked ground of the Boqueirao reservoir in the Metropolitan Region of Campina Grande, Paraiba state, Brazil, on February 13, 2017.

A boy who just fled a village controlled by Islamic State fighters cries as he sits with his family inside a bus before heading to the camp at Hammam Ali, south of Mosul, Iraq, on February 22, 2017.

A girl walks amidst a dust storm on the banks of the Ganges river in Allahabad, India, on February 24, 2017.

A pro-settlement activist climbs onto a rooftop of a house to resist evacuation of some houses in the settlement of Ofra in the occupied West Bank, during an operation by Israeli forces to evict the houses, on February 28, 2017.

Damaged seats are pictured amidst rubble of buildings in the northern Syrian town of al-Bab, Syria on February 28, 2017.

A boy injured in a mortar attack walks toward an ambulance after being treated by medics in a field clinic as Iraqi forces battle with Islamic State militants, in western Mosul, Iraq, on March 2, 2017.

A displaced Iraqi with his son prepares to get on a truck to be carried to a safe place, as Iraqi forces battle with Islamic State militants, in western Mosul, Iraq, on March 8, 2017.

A girl reacts as colored water is thrown on her while celebrating Holi, the Festival of Colors, in Mumbai, India, on March 13, 2017.

Two young girls walk through a massive spring wildflower bloom caused by a wet winter in Lake Elsinore, California, on March 14, 2017.

Hindu priests sit inside a cave as they perform evening prayers on the banks of the river Ganges in Devprayag, India, on March 28, 2017.

Spanish rescuer Daniel Calvelo carries a four-day-old baby girl into a RHIB, during a search and rescue operation by Spanish NGO Proactiva Open Arms, in central Mediterranean Sea, some 22 nautical miles north of the Libyan town of Sabratha, on April 1, 2017.

Two teens demonstrate their Parkour skills amid damaged buildings in the rebel-held city of Inkhil, west of Deraa, Syria, on April 7, 2017.

An altar of a damaged church is seen in the town of Qaraqosh, south of Mosul, Iraq, on April 11, 2017.

A demonstrator throws back a tear gas grenade while clashing with riot police during the so-called "mother of all marches" against Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas, Venezuela, on April 19, 2017.

A man driving a vintage car reacts as he passes by crabs crossing a highway on their way to spawn in the sea in Playa Giron, Cuba, on April 21, 2017.

An Indonesian man is publicly caned for having gay sex, in Banda Aceh, Aceh province, Indonesia, on May 23, 2017.

Scarlet ibis fly near the banks of a mangrove swamp located at the mouth of the Calcoene River on the coast of Amapa state, northern Brazil, on April 6, 2017.

Workers clean the floor next to empty shelves and refrigerators in a supermarket after it was looted in San Cristobal, Venezuela, on May 17, 2017.

U.S. President Donald Trump and other leaders react to a wall of computer screens coming online as they tour the Global Center for Combatting Extremist Ideology in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, on May 21, 2017.

Imam Hatip religious school students wave national flags as they wait for arrival of Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan during a graduation ceremony in Istanbul, Turkey, on May 26, 2017.

A man carries his daughter on his back after fleeing their home due to fighting between the Iraqi forces and Islamic State militants in Mosul's al-Zanjili's district in Iraq on June 7, 2017.

A protester holds a national flag as a bank branch, housed in the magistracy of the Supreme Court of Justice, burns during a rally against Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro, in Caracas, Venezuela, on June 12, 2017.

People gather for Iftar (breaking fast), organized by Adaleh Foundation, amidst damaged buildings during the holy month of Ramadan in the rebel-held besieged Douma neighborhood of Damascus, Syria, on June 18, 2017.

A firefighter watches a forest fire near the village of Fato, central Portugal, on June 18, 2017.

A gymnast performs on a trampoline at the Petit Palais in Paris, France, on June 23, 2017, as Paris transforms into a giant Olympic park to celebrate International Olympic Days with a variety of sporting events for the public across the city.

A woman rides a horse as the pack of riders from the 104th Tour de France cycling race passes, on July 6, 2017.

A full moon rises over the Temple of Poseidon, the ancient Greek god of the seas, in Cape Sounion, east of Athens, Greece, on July 8, 2017.

People dressed as Santa Claus take a canal tour of Copenhagen as they take part in the World Santa Claus Congress, an annual event held every summer at the amusement park Dyrehavsbakken, in Copenhagen, Denmark, on July 24, 2017.

Tourists stand on the beach and watch as smoke fills the sky above a burning hillside in Bormes-les-Mimosas, in the Var department, France, on July 26, 2017.

Residents use boats to evacuate flood waters from Hurricane Harvey along Tidwell Road east Houston, Texas, on August 28, 2017.

A supporter of opposition leader Raila Odinga gestures with a machete in Kibera slum in Nairobi, Kenya, on August 11, 2017.

A composite image of 21 separate photographs taken with a single fixed camera shows the solar eclipse as it creates the effect of a diamond ring at totality as seen from Clingmans Dome, which at 6,643 feet is the highest point in the Great Smoky Mountains National Park, Tennessee, on August 21, 2017.

Pigs are herded off a platform into water by breeders during a daily exercise at a pig farm in Shenyang, Liaoning province, China, on August 14, 2017.

Eagle Creek wildfire burns as golfers play at the Beacon Rock Golf Course in North Bonneville, Washington, on September 4, 2017.

Ammar Hammasho, from Syria, who lives in Cyprus, kisses his children who arrived at the refugee camp in Kokkinotrimithia outside Nicosia, Cyprus, on September 10, 2017.

Members of the cavalry rehearse at the beach of Scheveningen on the eve of a parade in The Hague, before the king delivers his speech from the throne to outline the main features of the government's policy for the coming parliamentary session, in Scheveningen, Netherlands, on September 18, 2017.

Justina Escamilla, 88, poses for a photo as she holds her wedding dress inside her destroyed house after an earthquake in San Juan Pilcaya, at the epicenter zone, Mexico, on September 25, 2017.

Residents and cars make their way around and under obstacles blocking a main road nearly a week after Hurricane Maria raked the island, in Frederiksted, St. Croix, US Virgin Islands, on September 26, 2017.

An aerial view of properties destroyed by the Tubbs Fire is seen in Santa Rosa, California, on October 11, 2017.

Wildfires burn along the Twelve Apostles area of Table Mountain in Cape Town, South Africa, on October 13, 2017.

Roberto Morales Santos, 70, looks out after posing for a portrait in his home, damaged by Hurricane Maria, in the municipality of Barranquitas outside San Juan, Puerto Rico, on October 11, 2017.

Myeshia Johnson, wife of U.S. Army Sergeant La David Johnson, who was among four special forces soldiers killed in Niger, kisses his coffin at a graveside service in Hollywood, Florida, on October 21, 2017.

The group Colla els Capgrossos de Mataro form a human tower called "Castell" during the All Saints Day in Vilafranca del Penedes town, near Barcelona, Spain, on November 1, 2017.

A migrant arrives at a naval base after he was rescued by Libyan coastal guards in Tripoli, Libya, on November 6, 2017.http://www.businessinsider.com/glossier-skincare-makeup-black-friday-deals-2017-11The best beauty products to buy at Glossier’s big Black Friday saleThe Insider Picks team writes about stuff we think you'll like. Business Insider has affiliate partnerships, so we get a share of the revenue from your purchase.

This Black Friday, it's not only the big department stores that are offering head-turning deals. Many popular small businesses and direct-to-consumer brands are also holding competitive sales that you should definitely take advantage of. One Black Friday sale that we're especially excited for is at the effortlessly cool and fun beauty shop Glossier.

From November 24 through November 27, Glossier is offering 20% off everything on the site, plus free shipping. You'll be able to shop for everything from its personal fragrance, Glossier You, to its newest release, the Cloud Paint Quad.

If it's easier for you, here are direct links to the different sections on the site:

Not sure where to start? Below, we've highlighted some of the best beauty and makeup products you should get from Glossier during its Black Friday sale.http://www.businessinsider.com/hedge-funder-barry-rosenstein-hamptons-mansion-photos-2017-11A hedge fund manager just put his $70 million Hamptons beach house on the market — take a look insideHedge-fund manager Barry Rosenstein put his Hamptons beach house on the market for $70 million.

The property covers 13,623 square feet and has seven bedrooms, 9.5 bathrooms, a guest cottage, and a lap pool.

Rosenstein broke the record for the most expensive home ever sold in the United States when he paid $137 million for another Hamptons property in 2014. Three years after buying the most expensive home in US history, hedge-fund manager Barry Rosenstein is putting another of his homes on the market for $70 million. Located in the Hamptons, the home was purchased by Rosenstein for $19.2 million in 2005, according to the Wall Street Journal. Rosenstein founded the hedge fund Jana Partners in 2001. The fund has invested in Whole Foods and Blue Apron, among other companies. In 2013, he paid $137 million for a home in East Hampton — a purchase that remains a record in the United States. While it won't break any real estate records, Rosenstein's $70 million property is still quite luxurious. Take a look at what it has to offer. View As: One Page Slides

The home covers 13,623 square feet. Source: Douglas Elliman Real Estate

If the home sells for its listed price, Rosenstein stands to make a profit of more than $50 million. He bought it for $19.2 million in 2005.

It has a total of seven bedrooms and 9.5 bathrooms.

The property originally held a small cottage that was built in the 1920s, but Rosenstein had architect Rick Cook design a much larger beach home after he bought the property.

According to Cook, Rosenstein "wanted a high-performance, sustainable home that still incorporated the tradition and comfort of an old shingle style property." Source: The Wall Street Journal

The home also gives its owner private access to the Atlantic Ocean.

A minimalist exercise room is perfect for yoga or meditation.

Guests can stay in the two-bedroom cottage that sits next to the main home.http://www.businessinsider.com/iphone-x-apps-you-should-download-first-list-2017-11The 21 apps you should download first for your new iPhone XYou've managed to get your hands on an iPhone X and now you want to fill it up with apps that show off the power and potential of Apple's $999 smartphone. To help you get started, we've picked our favorites. This list includes both obvious choices you can find on the top charts and lesser-known software that we use and love. And we've also pointed out which apps have been updated for the the longer, notch-ed iPhone X screen. Here's what to download first: View As: One Page Slides

VSCO is an excellent photo editing tool and social network. VSCO is free to download in the App Store and it's been updated for the iPhone X camera and display.

HQ Trivia lets you take quizzes twice a day for real money. Download HQ Trivia here.

Google Photos uploads all of your pictures to the cloud — and it's free. If you run out of space on your iPhone, one easy solution is to upload all your photos to Google and then delete them from your phone. Google Photos is free from the App Store.

Foursquare City Guide is the best app for finding new spots and reading reviews from people who have been there. Foursquare City Guide is free to download in the App Store and it's been updated for the iPhone X.

Pushbullet lets all your devices work together. Some BI staffers swear by Pushbullet, which allows users to send everything and anything from one device to another — like text messages or links. Pushbullet is a free download from the App Store. It hasn't been updated for the iPhone X, but it will still work, just with black bars at the top and bottom of the screen.

Dark Sky is the best weather app by a long shot. Dark Sky is a $3.99 download from the App Store and it's been updated to work on the iPhone X.

Your new iPhone needs a new background. WLPPR has sweet, sweet backgrounds for your lock screen and home screen. It's a free download from the App Store with in-app purchases starting at $0.99.

Trip helps you find cool things to do in whatever city you are in. Trip is a free download from the App Store.

Google Maps is a great alternative to Apple's built-in Maps app. Google Maps is a free download from the App Store.

iPhones come with Apple Music preinstalled, but many people prefer Spotify, which lets you stream on shuffle without a subscription. Spotify is a free download from the App Store but a subscription costs $10 per month. The app has been updated to take advantage of the iPhone X's taller display too.

Pocket lets you save web content to read or watch later, even when you're offline. Pocket is a free download in the App Store with in-app purchases starting at $4.99.

Nuzzel aggregates all the news and stories your friends are sharing.

Dots is a super-fun way to waste time. Dots is free on the App Store with in-app purchases starting at $0.99.

Strava is a social network for fitness buffs. Strava is a free download on the App Store and a premium subscription costs $5.99 per month.

Amazon Kindle puts books on your phone. Amazon Kindle is a free download on the App Store.

The Ikea Place app uses Apple's augmented reality software to give a peek at the future of apps and rearrange your living room. Ikea Place is a free download from the App Store.

But Pokémon Go is still the gold standard in augmented reality games. Pokémon Go is a free download from the App Store with in-app purchases.

An Uber alternative can help you get around town. Given Uber's tumultuous year, many consumers are starting to look at its competitors. Turns out, there are a lot of great ride-hailing apps that work just as well as Uber. Lyft, Gett, Via and Juno all work great and are available from the iOS App Store, although some of them might not be updated for the iPhone X.

LinkedIn is yours and everyone else's resume, online. It's been updated for the bigger iPhone X screen. Download it here.http://www.businessinsider.com/a-startup-is-hiring-a-social-petworking-coach-for-pet-celebrities-2017-11A startup is hiring a 'social petworking coach' to help people make their furry friends Instagram starsA company in London is hiring a "coach" to help pets become social media stars.

One in six pet owners have social media accounts for their pets.

A cottage industry of talent agencies and other services has emerged to make your pet go viral.



The bizarre world of social media fame has reached a new level of weirdness.

Petlandia, a London-based company that makes books featuring people's pets as the star, is looking for the world's first "social petworking coach" to help people turn their cat, dog, pig, or other animal friend into a social media star.

Sound like a joke? It's not. According to Petlandia, one in six pet-owners have social media accounts for their pets (even Mark Zuckerberg's dog Beast has his own Facebook page), and celebrity pets can make enough money from product sponsorships and media appearances to keep their human parents financially afloat.

Job responsibilities for the Petworking coach include creating online webinars for interested humans around the globe, doing private consultations with VIP clients, and mentoring clients on social media best practices and strategies for growing online audiences.

Knowledge of the "pet influencing" world required

The world of pet influencers has spawned an entire industry of its own. The Dog Agency is a talent agency for pet influencers that was started by Loni Edwards, former owner of the wildly popular Chloe the frenchie. On its website, The Dog Agnecy says it have gotten clients "media opportunities" in outlets like the The Wall Street Journal and Buzzfeed, and worked with brands like Google, Barneys and Nikon.

In its job posting, Petlandia says that the ultimate goal for the petworking coach is to "lay the foundations for what could become the world's first fame school for pets."

The company's vision might not be too far off, some pets are already achieving "fame" all on their own. According to Quartz, the "general rule of thumb" is that once a social media star has reached 100,000 followers they can get up to $2,000 for product placements and event appearances.

Take Toast, a King Charles rescue who has no teeth, 378,000 followers on Instagram, and a book called "ToastHampton: How to Summer in Style. Her "puppy PR" is done by owner Katie Sturino, who recently scored when eyewear maker Karen Walker hired Toast to be a spokes model for the brand. In January of 2016, Toast was also the bride in a "wedding" to another furry star and, just like a real celebrity, got to wear a custom Marchesa dress and a $139,000 diamond necklace. The whole spectacle was a promotion for a wedding planning and registry site called Zola.

A post shared by Marty B (@traunches) on Jan 18, 2016 at 6:50am PST

Petlandia says the pay for the petworking coach is "competitive," and the desired qualifications include knowledge of the online pet influencing world, basic pet welfare skills, and knowledge of how to grow and manage an audience on social media.

As social media's influence continues to grow, and new platforms appear, it's reasonable to assume that job postings like Petlandia's will become much more common.http://www.businessinsider.com/inside-amazon-london-store-full-of-all-black-friday-deals-online-2017-11Take a look inside Amazon's Black Friday pop-up store in London that's full of all the biggest dealsAmazon's store in London is full of the biggest Black Friday deals.

It was opened to celebrate seven years since Amazon's launch of Black Friday in 2010.

The 'store' is designed to feel like a home and is divided into rooms.

Amazon just opened a pop-up store in London to showcase some of its biggest Black Friday deals.

All the items in the store have a barcode which customers can scan with the Amazon app to look up the details and buy.

The store was opened to celebrate seven years of Amazon's launch of Black Friday in 2010.

"What it does really well is it integrates the digital experience with the physical world," independent retail expert Clare Bailey told Business Insider UK.

The ‘store’ is designed to feel like a home with a kitchen, a bedroom, a kids room, and even a free beauty salon.

Visitors can play a “swipe the box” game to win prices. The store is also a Prime Now collection point.

It’s open until Friday 24 November.http://www.businessinsider.com/cinnamon-helps-burn-fat-cells-2017-11This is the spice you should be using to help burn fat, according to a new studyThe essential oil that gives cinnamon its flavour, cinnamaldehyde, has been shown to have fat burning properties.

Cinnamaldehyde helps burn fat and convert it into heat.

Scientists believe this discovery is promising in the rising obesity epidemic.



Scientists have found that an ingredient in cinnamon could help fat-burning in humans.

Cinnamaldehyde is an essential oil that helps give the spice its distinctive flavour and has been proven to protect mice against obesity in previous studies.

Now, researchers at the University of Michigan have claimed that the oil also activates thermogenesis, a metabolic bodily process which burns calories to produce heat.

This process can help kickstart weight loss, leading the study's authors to conclude that cinnamon could boast a series of metabolic benefits.

Lead author Jun Wu, research assistant professor at the Life Sciences Institute was aware of the benefits of cinnamaldehyde thanks to previous studies and wanted to further examine its effect on the body.

"Scientists were finding that this compound affected metabolism," he explained.

"So we wanted to figure out how — what pathway might be involved, what it looked like in mice and what it looked like in human cells."

Wu and his team tested the fat cells from a range of volunteers and noticed an increased expression of the genes and enzymes that enhance lipid metabolism after they'd been treated with cinnamaldehyde.

This led him to believe that when ingested by humans, cinnamaldehyde and therefore cinnamon could help provoke thermogenesis and subsequent fat-burning processes in the body.

While additional research is required in order to confirm the benefits don't come with adverse side effects — plus, Wu has thus far only tested his theory on human cells in a laboratory — Wu believes his results are promising in terms of addressing the rising obesity epidemic.

"Cinnamon has been part of our diets for thousands of years, and people generally enjoy it," Wu said.

"So if it can help protect against obesity, too, it may offer an approach to metabolic health that is easier for patients to adhere to."

Read the original article on The Independent. Copyright 2017. Follow The Independent on Twitter.http://www.businessinsider.com/eco-friendly-flat-pack-tiny-home-takes-six-hours-to-build-2017-11An Italian architect has designed an eco-friendly flat-pack home that costs £25,000 and only takes 6 hours to buildM.A.DI homes is selling flat-pack homes from just £25,000.

The tiny homes can be assembled in six to seven hours.

Each comes complete with kitchen and bathroom facilities, a staircase leading to a mezzanine living area, central heating, and air conditioning.





Italian architect Renato Vidal has designed a new affordable living concept — flat-pack homes which start from just £25,000 ($33,000).

Called M.A.DI homes, the concept could work just as easily as a bachelor pad as it could a permanent family home.

Vidal's modular houses are earthquake resistant and come complete with kitchen and bathroom facilities, a staircase and mezzanine living area, central heating, and air conditioning — and they apparently only take six or seven hours to assemble with three workers.

The tiny homes come in varying sizes, with prices beginning at €28,000 (£25,000 or $33,000) for the smallest 27 square metre (290 sq ft) single unit, rising to €62,000 (£55,000 or $73,000) for the 84 square metre (904 sq ft) triple family home.

A post shared by Domenico Antonucci (@domenico__antonucci) on Dec 10, 2016 at 7:49am PST

Designs will be drawn up within 10 days of the agreement of the sale, and delivery will be made 60 days from these drawings being accepted.

They're flexible too, according to the brochures — if you decide to move location you can simply pack up your unit and take it with you.

Equally, if you're in need of some more space, you can simply buy more modules to add to your house.

Each additional module costs €16,000 (£14,000 or $19,000) while an extra staircase will set you back €2,000 (£1,800 or $2,400).

The tiny homes, which are manufactured by Italian wood specialist Area Legno, are also eco-friendly.

Here's a video of the assembly, which takes just six hours.

new concept of living#unfolded in just #24h #madiinitaly #fuorisalone2017#zonasantambrogio#parcosempione#piazzadelcannone #milanodesignweek#designporn #igersmilano#wood#innovation #dream #surprise#future#metadesign#roadtomilano#greenarchitecture#future#idea#innovazione#bio#change#metadesign#mdw17#woodworks#wheretostay# A post shared by madi home (@madi_home) on Mar 29, 2017 at 2:30am PDT on Mar 29, 2017 at 2:30am PDT

Inside, these CGI images show an open-plan living space which is pretty modern and stylish.

There's an upper floor bedroom mezzanine and a staircase to get to it.

If you decide to move location, you can simply pack up your unit and take it with you.

M.A.DI homes could be the latest answer to the global property crisis.http://www.businessinsider.com/how-to-get-a-good-nights-sleep-when-youre-flying-long-haul-economy-2017-11How to get a good night's sleep when you're flying long-haul in economySleeping on any plane can be a nightmare, and it can be even harder when cramped into economy seats.

Before the flight, it's important to eat right and dress comfy.

During the flight, turning your tech off and making the most of your free blanket is best.

After you land, get some fresh air and use the light of the new time-zone to help reset your body clock.



While long-haul travel can mean the beginning of an exciting adventure, getting to your destination is often the hardest part.

As a London resident whose family resides on the opposite side of the world (hey there, New Zealand), long-haul travel is something I know all too well.

Sleeping on planes is an art form in itself and takes a great deal of forward-planning.

Here are some top tips from Virgin Atlantic and the Sleep Council for getting your forty winks while you still can't afford First Class.

Before the flight…

Eat right

The day before your flight, make sure you eat three balanced meals including plenty of fresh fruit, vegetables and protein. Before you hop on your flight, resist carb-heavy and processed food (as temping as that pre-flight McDonald's breakfast routine is) and look for healthier options. Food plays an important part in setting body clocks which could make all the difference when trying to sleep on a plane.

Get into the right frame of mind

Relax before you get on a plane. Airports can be a high-stress environment, so tap into a meditation app before you board to clear your mind.

During the flight…

Check the time of your destination

Knowing what time it is at your destination can do wonders. Try to eat according to what time it is at said destination to help adjust your body clock to the new time and help fight jet lag.

Dress in comfy clothes

While people will tell you that dressing up can get you upgraded (probably your parents who just want you to look presentable) this rarely works so opt for comfy clothes on the flight to help you sleep better. Once ready for sleep, make sure your chair is as reclined as possible and your legs are stretched out.

Have a wind-down routine

Similar to your nightly wind-down routine at home, read a book, dim the lights and relax for half an hour before you head to sleep. Or pop in your headphones and listen to calming music to block out the noise of the plane. Routines that are associated with sleep signal to the brain that it's time for some shut eye.

Use the items in your amenity kit

Most airlines provide a pillow and blanket, so use them. This will help you feel snuggly and ready for sleep.

They should also provide an eye mask and ear plugs, both of which can aid sleep.

Use soothing scents

If you have a small lavender roller ball you can take this on board to use on your pressure points to help you sleep — lavender is known for its calming and sleep-inducing properties.

Drink up

Water we mean. Staying hydrated is imperative when flying to prevent dehydration and help mobilise your energy reserves. While you may think alcohol can aid sleep, it will make you feel drowsy initially but will eventually disturb your sleep and make you feel thirsty.

Turn off the tech

Whether it's your tablet, phone, laptop or the screen in front of you, turn it off. The light keeps your brain awake making it harder to sleep.

Relax before you sleep

Once all the above is done, spend 10 minutes doing deep breathing exercises like the 4-7-8 technique. This is where you breathe in for four seconds, hold the breath for seven seconds and release it for eight seconds.

After the flight…

Wake up half an hour before you land

On most long-haul flights, breakfast is served half an hour to half an hour before the plane lands and this will generally wake you up. Head to the bathroom and splash some cold water on your face to feel refreshed.

Get fresh air and drink plenty of water

Once arrived, use light to re-set your body clock, get some fresh air and drink plenty of water.http://www.businessinsider.com/blast-hollywood-stuntman-training-course-london-how-it-went-video-2017-11We went on a Hollywood stuntman training course for a day — here's what happenedThis is how stuntmen train for Hollywood movies.

The "BLAST" course takes place over three days and costs £800.

Previous students have gone on to work on blockbuster movies like "Transformers" and "Star Wars."

This is what Hollywood stuntman training looks like. The BLAST course – short for "British Live Action Stunt Training" – takes place in Purfleet, London over three days.

The course is lead by Andreas Petrides, founder of the British Action Academy and stunt coordinator who has worked on films such as "Star Wars: Episode 1" and "28 Days Later".

You can find out more about the British Action Academy here.

Produced and filmed by Jasper Pickering. Additional filming by David Ibekwe.http://www.businessinsider.com/things-you-should-never-do-in-an-airport-security-line-2017-11The 12 things you should never do in an airport security line, according to a security and intelligence expertPassing through airport security is a necessary part of any journey.

There are things that you should try and avoid to make it easier and quicker for yourself and everyone around you.

Lewis Sage-Passant, a former British infantry officer who is trained in intelligence, security, and crisis management, provides his top tips on how to fly through security.



If you've ever wondered whether airport agents perform a necessary function, take a look at the TSA Instagram account. You'll find a stupefying collection of objects confiscated from passengers, including axes, crossbows, and handguns (and that's just in the last few days). Acting foolishly, though, can get you delayed from a flight or even detained. To help explain what you shouldn't do in an airport security line, we tapped Lewis Sage-Passant, a former British infantry officer who is trained in intelligence and has worked in security and crisis management for several corporations, including Goldman-Sachs. These days, he runs How Safe Is My Trip, a company that creates advisory reports for people going to risky destinations. Below, check out his tips on what not to do in a security line.

1. Don't joke about bombs or anything illegal

You'd be amazed at how many people think it's no big deal to joke about having explosives on an airport security line. After being told that he couldn't bring two cans of soda on board, a Phoenix passenger said each can contained a 30-second detonator. A customer in San Juan told the ticket agent her bag had a bomb and she was going to blow up the plane, causing the terminal to be shut down for almost an hour. A Miami traveler said he had a bag full of dynamite, and thus caused five flights and over 1,000 people to be delayed for almost five hours. (You can read a long list of people trying to drop the same gag.) "People are getting frustrated with airport security and the frustration is leading to people making jokes," says Sage-Passant. "It's a pretty thankless task from the point of view of the TSA. They're screening about two million people every day just in the U.S."

2. Don't try to hide something that shouldn't be on the plane

In addition to numerous confiscated items, the TSA Instagram account also shows pictures of the many ways people try to hide objects that shouldn't be on a plane. For example, one traveler hid a knife inside of an umbrella, assuming that no TSA officer would open it (since it's bad luck). Another taped a pocketknife into the hollowed-out plastic handle of an electric toothbrush. Such craftiness can lead to fines and even arrest. If you're wondering whether or not you can pack a particular item, tweet a picture of it to @AskTSA and the account managers will let you know. One vacationer recently sent a picture of a replica battle axe. (That needs to be placed in checked baggage, FYI.)

A common question is whether or not food can be brought through security. "You can bring through solid food, but they may ask to inspect it," says Sage-Passant. "They'll even open up people's sandwiches. People who are trying to smuggle things into the airport are quite creative and will use things like that. But typically, food items are okay to carry through."

3. Don't smuggle too much liquid through the security line

Anyone who has flown on a plane in the past 20 years should know that only 3.4 ounces (or 100 milliliters) of any liquid are allowed on a plane. So don't slide that $5 liter of Diet Coke you just bought into your windbreaker pocket. The officers will make you throw it out.

4. Don't bring a gun

If you're wondering whether or not you can bring a weapon on a plane, the answer is probably no. If the weapon is a gun, the answer is definitely no. In July 2017, a record 89 firearms were confiscated in the TSA line in one week. Sure, a few may have been found on gun holders who absentmindedly forgot they were carrying it, but that leaves more than 80 people who were actively breaking the rules.

5. Don't re-pack

While there's nothing illegal or even technically wrong about reorganizing your carry-on while in the security line, you can't pull this off without annoying everyone around you. As the line trudges forward, your clothes, laptop, and shoes will probably get mixed in with someone else's and the sighs will start rolling. There's plenty of time after getting through security to apply all of the Marie Kondo advice you've been itching to unleash.

6. Don't get nervous if officers pull you out of line for questioning

Sometimes the officers are trying to confirm a question they have or are doing a required random screening. "They're not flying you off to Guantanamo Bay," notes Sage-Passant. "Usually there's something that has shown up funny on the X-ray and they just want another look at it." If you're in a hurry or feeling frustrated, cool your jets and remain polite.

Sage-Passant has gotten pulled out of the security line several times. When he was carrying his army-issued rucksack, TSA officers would find gunpowder residue on the cloth. But it didn't take much of a discussion to clarify the situation. "As long as there's an acceptable reason, the officers aren't really looking to dive in," explains Sage-Passant.

7. Don't worry if you realise you have something you shouldn't

People often forget they're carrying something that they shouldn't, such as nail clippers, says Sage-Passant. "If it's a genuine innocent mistake, they will let you go," he says. "It's when people get shifty or defensive that there's a problem."

8. Don't wait to take off your metal

No one wants to be the person who holds up a long line of annoyed people. You can avoid people staring at you with their arms folded by removing your watch, belt, jewelry, and other metal items long before you're facing the TSA officer. Oh, and empty your pockets.

9. Don't get grabby with other people's stuff

Wanting the line to move along quickly is understandable. Pushing another person's iPad around is unnecessary. You never know what's going to spark an argument when you've got a long line of grumpy travelers. If another traveler leaves something behind, you may even cause a security breach by picking it up (as surprising as that may seem).

10. Don't unpack necessarily

Many travelers assume they need to place all electronics into a bin, even though TSA rules specify that only electronic items larger than a cell phone must be X-rayed individually. So, yes, you need to separate out your Nintendo and iPad, but no, you don't need to take out your iPhone.

11. Don't hassle the TSA officers

The security officers have to guide a lot of people through the lines each day, and they want to move you along as quickly as possible. If you get it in your head that they're out to hassle you, the situation will likely get worse and tensions will escalate. Keep calm and move on.

12. Don't forget to sign up for TSA Pre-Check

If you're a frequent traveler and groaning about waiting in yet another security line, you might want to seriously consider investing in TSA PreCheck, so your trip doesn't feel even longer.

If you want the latest information on the TSA's policies (which can change), check out the TSA blog as well as its most recent press releases .http://www.businessinsider.com/celebrity-homes-nobody-wants-to-buy-2017-118 celebrity homes that no one wants to buyA celebrity owner isn't necessarily enough to sell a home.

Some celebrity-owned homes have sat on the market for years.

Michael Jordan, for example, has been trying to sell his Highland Park, Illinois mansion since 2012.

While an association with a celebrity seems like it would help a home sell more quickly, that doesn't seem to always be the case. According to Redfin, homes owned by celebrities tend to spend 36 more days on the market than other homes, and they typically sell for less than what the seller had originally asked for. It could be that these homes have price tags that only a celebrity-sized paycheck could cover — or, it could just be that the draw of a star power is not as strong as it would appear. Either way, we've rounded up eight celebrity-owned homes that have languished on the market — some of them for several years at several different price points. View As: One Page Slides

50 Cent's Connecticut mansion 50 Cent first listed his 50,000-square-foot home in Farmington, Connecticut, for $18.5 million in 2015. In the fall of that year, he lowered the price significantly, to $8.5 million, after he had filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy. He again lowered the price, this time to $5.995 million, in 2016, and the price has remained the same since. The home is totally over the top, with "21 bedrooms, 25 bathrooms, an indoor pool and hot tub, a substantial night club, an indoor court, multiple game rooms, a green screen room, a recording studio," among many other opulent features, according to the Douglas Elliman listing.

Matt Lauer's Sag Harbor estate Matt Lauer is having a hard time offloading his home in the Hamptons. He originally listed for $17.995 million in July 2016. He cut $1 million from the listing price in September 2016, and now it's asking $14.9 million. The 8,000-square-foot home sits on top of a 25-acre private lot. The home was built in a stunning traditional style with plenty of space for entertaining guests and a backyard pool to lay out by.

Steve Cohen's mansion in the sky Billionaire hedge funder Steve Cohen has been seeking a buyer for his Manhattan duplex penthouse since 2013. It's had a number of different listing prices: $115 million, $98 million, $82 million, $79 million, $72 million, $67.5 million, and now, $57.5 million. The 9,000-square-foot space has five bedrooms and six baths. Cohen is an avid art collector, and the home has a dedicated gallery to put his pieces on display.

Michael Jordan's suburban Chicago property Michael Jordan listed his Highland Park, Illinois home for nearly $29 million in 2012. Five years later, multiple price chops have not helped it move off the market. It's currently for sale for about half that — $14.885 million. There's a home theater, world-class workout room, and a massive set of gates bearing the number "23."

Alan Wilzig's toned-down Tribeca townhouse Though not in a celebrity in the traditional sense, Alan Wilzig is an entrepreneur and semiprofessional race car driver who served as the real-life inspiration for a character in "The Wolf of Wall Street." He's also been trying to sell his New York City townhouse for years. It's been on and off the market with different brokers and at different prices, initially listing for $44 million in 2014 and making its way down to $18.75 million in October. The townhouse has looked progressively more tame as it's relisted over the years.

The Obamas' summer rental President Obama and his family rented this sprawling, 7,000-square-foot mansion in Martha's Vineyard for an entire summer in 2013, but that seems not to have made the house any easier to sell. Now it'll be just a little bit cheaper to live like the first family all year round. The house listed in July 2015 for $22.5 million. Just three months later, the house already had a 15% price chop. Now, nearly two years later, the house is still for sale, at a discounted price of $17.75 million.

Trump's St. Martin chateau President Donald Trump's luxurious St. Martin estate, which he owns through two companies called Excel Venture I LLC and Excel Venture Corp I, was listed for $28 million in May. It's also known as Château des Palmiers. Its price was later brought down by a little more than $11 million, to $16.9 million, in August. Trump typically uses the Caribbean escape as a rental property, and, according to the disclosure, he gets between $100,000 and $1 million a year from it. The sale is being handled by a revocable trust run by Donald Trump Jr. and Trump Organization executive Allen Weisselberg. It reportedly survived Hurricane Irma relatively undamaged, in contrast to the widespread destruction that was brought to the rest of the island of St. Martin.http://www.businessinsider.com/leonardo-da-vinci-painting-salvator-mundi-instagram-controversy-price-conservation-2017-11There's even more controversy surrounding the $450 million Leonardo da Vinci painting — and it's getting nastyLeonardo da Vinci's "Salvator Mundi" became the most expensive painting ever after it sold for $450 million at auction.

The former director of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, Thomas Campbell, is fighting on Instagram with Robert Simon, a previous co-owner of the painting, over its sale.

It's reflective of how much marketing and social media has come to dominate the art world.

There are also legitimate concerns over how to conserve the painting, which is hard to do without a museum.

Even before "Salvator Mundi" — a "lost" painting by Leonardo da Vinci — sold November 16 for a record-shattering $450 million at Christie's, it was already mired in controversy as some critics, including New York Magazine's Jerry Saltz, questioned its authenticity.

Now another storm is brewing around the work, a portrait of Christ that was "rediscovered" in 2005 and authenticated as real several years later.

Thomas Campbell, the embattled former director of New York's Metropolitan Museum of Art — the biggest art museum in the Western Hemisphere — and one of the painting's previous co-owners, art dealer Robert Simon, are arguing about the painting on Instagram.

"450 million dollars?! Hope the buyer understands conservation issues," Campbell wrote in an Instagram post shortly after the painting sold.

450 million dollars?! Hope the buyer understands conservation issues... @christiesinc #leonardodavinci #salvatormundi #readthesmallprint A post shared by Tom Campbell (@thomaspcampbell) on Nov 15, 2017 at 5:52pm PST on Nov 15, 2017 at 5:52pm PST

Robert Simon, one of the painting's previous owners, commented on Campbell's post that he found the post "disrespectful."

"This is an incredibly ill-informed and mean-spirited comment about one of the most respected painting conservators in the world, one who incidentally spent many years diligently working at your former institution," Simon wrote.

Some art world observers find the spat less about conservation and more about the enormous sum of money spent the painting, which was sold by Russian billionaire Dmitry Rybolovlev and sold to an anonymous buyer. The work went for more than twice the price of the next-most expensive painting sold at public auction. It was also the first time a third-party marketing agency was used to promote a sale.

"The art world is all about social media presence and marketing now," an employee at a major New York gallery told INSIDER. "So for the Met director to throw shade on Instagram seems pretty on par with how the art world is going."

There is a legitimate concern over how the painting will be preserved.

The conservation of "Salvator Mundi" is a major concern in the art world. Conserving paintings is expensive, especially when they're 500 years old and in delicate condition.

Often, art owners will put work on "permanent loan" to a museum in exchange for the museum covering the cost of the work's upkeep.

But the identity of the painting's new owner has not been unmasked yet, and it's not clear how the work will be conserved or displayed.

The conservation of the painting under Simon's co-ownership (along with art dealers Alex Parish and Warren Adelson) was in the hands of Dianne Modestini, a conservationist and researcher at New York University.

The painting was in poor condition when it was discovered in 2005, and went through an extensive restoration by Modestini. Christie's ended up categorizing it as "Post-War and Contemporary Art."

In his comment, Simon defended Modestini's work.

"I personally observed the conservation process on the Salvator Mundi and can attest to the absolute honesty, modesty, and respect that Dianne Modestini brought to her work on the painting—carried out at the highest ethical standards of the profession," Simon wrote. "Given the prevalence of so many foolish remarks in both serious and social media, I have refrained from responding, but feel compelled to do so now."

In the same thread, Campbell dismissed Simon's concerns.

"I have [the] greatest respect for Modestini," Campbell wrote. "Was simply remarking, as so many others have, on extensive amount of conservation. Seems to be a lot of over-sensitivity out there."

Loic Gouzer, an executive at Christie's, also joined the fray. While there's no public post from him on the Instagram thread (The Art Newspaper surmises it may have been in a direct message), Campbell wrote a response to Gouzer criticizing his "abusive bullying."

"My comment was a legitimate response to an extraordinary price," Campbell wrote. "Christie’s doesn’t need your abusive bullying to defend itself. And my comment certainly wasn’t an attack on a highly competent conservator. If you don’t enjoy my occasional Instagram posts then don’t follow me."

Even in the upper echelons of the art world, no one is immune to Instagram spats.

Gouzer, Campbell, and Simon didn't immediately respond to INSIDER's request for comment.

Sign up here to get INSIDER's favorite stories straight to your inbox.http://www.businessinsider.com/how-every-type-of-alcohol-alters-your-mood-according-to-science-2017-11This is how different types of alcohol alter your mood, according to scienceA new study has analysed the relationship between different types of alcohol and emotion.

The study found that red wine and beer make people feel relaxed, while spirits make people feel sexy and energetic.

It also found that women, on the whole, had a more significant emotional response to alcohol than men — except when it came to aggression.



A new study has analysed how different types of alcohol cause different emotional responses in both men and women.

The study by BMJ Open questioned almost 30,000 people from 21 countries across the world. Each respondent drank different types of wine, spirits, and beer on different occasions and catalogued how the different types of alcohol affected their mood and emotions.

This is how each type of alcohol alters your mood, according to the study.

Red wine and beer may make you more relaxed...

Respondents were most likely to report feeling relaxed (52.8%) when drinking red wine; although almost half of respondents also reported feeling relaxed when drinking beer.

...But red wine is also most likely to make you feel lethargic

Red wine was voted the most likely type of alcohol to make a person tired or lethargic, with 60% of respondents reporting sleepiness after a few glasses.

Spirits can give you energy and confidence...

Over half of respondents across all countries associated drinking spirits with emotions of energy and confidence, with young people being the most susceptible to these emotions after a few shots.

...And make you feel "sexy"...

More than 40% of people said they felt "sexy" after drinking spirits. Differences in emotions varied between countries, with the highest association with feeling energised, relaxed, and sexy being the South American sample from Colombia and Brazil.

...But they also might make you aggressive, restless, tearful, and nauseous

One third of people said that drinking spirits made them feel angry, or susceptible to aggressive urges. While women tended to experience stronger emotional responses to the different types of alcohol, men were more likely to feel aggressive after drinking than women — particularly men that drank heavily.

While the study demonstrates an association between the feelings and the drinks, it does not explain the reason for these emotional changes.

One of the researchers behind the study, Professor Mark Bellis, said: "People may rely on alcohol to help them feel a certain way. People might drink to feel more confident or relaxed but they also risk other negative emotional responses too."http://www.businessinsider.com/cyber-monday-vacation-deals-2017-1116 Cyber Monday vacation deals you won't want to missDiscounts on electronics and clothing aren't the only great deals you'll find this Cyber Monday.

Cyber Monday might just be the best day of the year to book your travel arrangements, with amazing discounts on everything from hotels to cruise lines.

Here are 16 Cyber Monday vacation deals you won't want to miss.

Black Friday and Cyber Monday are famous for deals on TVs, but these discount days also offer some of the steepest travel discounts of the entire year. View As: One Page Slides

Stowe Mountain Lodge, Vermont If you're a fan of skiing, snowboarding, or hacked hot chocolates by the fireplace, Stowe Mountain Lodge's Black Friday and Cyber Monday discounts will have you packing your bags and ready to go immediately. Guests can book by end-of-day November 29, 2017 and save 20 percent on luxury accommodations for midweek and select weekend stays through December 1, 2018—which means you just saved on next year's ski trip too.

ME by Meliá, ME Miami ME by Meliá, ME Miami opened its doors in July 2016 in the heart of bustling Downtown Miami as a unique blend of European style and Spanish charm. ME Miami will be offering a Cyber Monday deal exclusively for bookings on Monday, November 27. Guests looking to travel to Miami through September 30, 2018, will receive 40 percent off on Monday night stays, 30 percent off on Tuesday night stays, and 20 percent off on Wednesday night stays. This offer isn't being advertised, so you'll have to call the hotel directly to book it. It may be cold enough this winter that you'll find yourself using it quickly (and if you do, study our holiday travel tips).

Destination Hotels across America This Cyber Monday travel deal is really great because it's good for properties across the entire country. For just one week, November 23 through November 29, 2017, guests can save up to 40 percent at all Destination Hotels. Make more memories on the Maine coast (maybe you'll catch a glimpse of these native puffins), experience more unforgettable nights in New Orleans, Richmond or Seattle, escape to more seasonal beach hot spots in Hawaii and California, or seek out mountain adventures in Colorado and the Pacific Northwest. Travel dates are from December 1, 2017, through December 1, 2018.

The Langham, New York Guests who would like to book a stay at Langham Place, New York (soon to be The Langham, New York), for a stay occurring within the first three months of 2018 (January, February, March) will receive the best available rate and an additional $150 credit, applicable towards Private Kitchen (in-room dining) and Chuan Body + Soul (treatments or retail purchases). Use promotion code CYBERSALE November 24 through November 27, 2017, at the time of booking through The Langham's website. You might want to review these New York-born phrases before your big trip.

Princess Cruises, international and domestic routes This Cyber Monday, you'll find yourself sailing right into a $1,000 discount per stateroom plus reduced fares for third and fourth guests. Guests will also receive 50 percent off deposits, now only $50, on Cyber Monday when booked on Princess.com. You'll be able to travel on your reduced fares from winter 2017 through spring 2018. Check out these expert tricks for flawless cruising too.

The Watergate Hotel, Washington, D.C. Good news for fans of Washington, D.C. and political hopefuls: The Watergate Hotel is offering 25 percent off their best available rates and throwing in complimentary breakfast for one morning for up to two guests when you book directly through their website. Bookings must take place between November 16, 2017, and November 30, 2017, and travel must occur between November 16, 2017, and March 31, 2018.

Mexico Grand Hotels, Los Cabos, Mexico If you're a fan of all things beachy, you'll be excited for this Cyber Monday special. From November 23 through November 27, travelers can book rooms at Hacienda Encantada Resort & Residences starting at $176 per night and at Marina Fiesta starting at $137 per night plus tax, which is a 50 percent savings. To sweeten the deal, guests who take advantage of the Hotel & Flight bundle will receive a 60 percent discount at either resort. Both promotions are valid for travel through December 2018, although some restrictions and blackout dates may apply. You'll need to book directly with the Mexico Grand Hotels.

Palace Resorts, Mexico and Jamaica If you're desperate for some sunshine and relaxation to rid yourself of holiday stress, Palace Resorts is offering 55 percent off their standard rates for Black Friday and Cyber Monday. They're even offering kids and teens free stays with accompanying adults, which is a major additional bonus at this already popular chain of all-inclusive resorts. If you book three or more nights you'll also get up to $1,500 in resort credits to use on exotic tours, golf, spa treatments, and more. Transfers to and from the local airport are free too. You need to book your trip between November 24 to 26 of this year, and travel by December 23, 2018. You know what that means? You just booked the best new Christmas tradition ever.

Borgata Hotel Casino & Spa, Atlantic City, New Jersey The top Vegas-style casino on the east coast, Borgata Hotel Casino & Spa, is offering over 25 percent off Classic Rooms and over 35 percent off Fiore Suites with rooms starting at $79/night. This deal is available to anyone who books from November 26 to 30 of this year using the codes CYB79 for classic rooms, CYB109 for fiore suites. The discounted rates are valid for select dates through February 2018.

Hotel Saranac, Lake Saranac, New York To celebrate turning 90 years old, Hotel Saranac is offering a $90 credit per stay valid for stays January 8, 2018, through May 31, 2018. The deal must be booked on November 27, 2017, and rates start at $129 per night, which is a steal for this gem in the Adirondacks. The credit can be used at Hotel Saranac's Ampersand Salon & Spa, food and beverage venues, and retail shops, and a portion of the credit can also be used toward the nightly rate. The discount is only available by booking online.

Spring Creek Ranch, Jackson, Wyoming The Spring Creek Ranch is a 1,000-acre property that rings true Western spirit. This lust-worthy mountain resort is nestled atop East Gros Ventre Butte, 700 feet above the high mountain valley of Jackson Hole, with Grand Teton National park north, the National Elk refuge to the east, and Yellowstone close by. For Cyber Monday, Spring Creek Ranch is offering guests a two-night stay with the third night free, plus get 50 percent off a one-hour massage at the Wilderness Adventure Spa, the ideal place to hang your (cowboy) hat when visiting Jackson. You must call the hotel to book and receive this offer, at (800) 443-6198, as it's only available for booking on November 27, 2017, with travel taking place between December 1, 2017, and January 31, 2018.

Preferred Hotels & Resorts, worldwide The world's largest independent hotel brand, Preferred Hotels & Resorts, is offering members of its iPrefer Rewards program up to 30 percent off at hundreds of properties around the globe. With nightly rates as low as $44 in India, $55 in Mexico, $72 in Kenya, and $92 in the U.S., consider this the sign you've been looking for to finally book that much-needed vacation. Members receive three times the points when taking advantage of their Cyber Monday offer, which can be redeemed for cash-value reward certificates for use during future stays. The deal must be booked by November 30, 2017, on iPrefer.com or the iPrefer app using offer code MKTSSA.

Dukes London, London, England Typically a jaunt to one of London's most luxurious hotels comes at a hefty price tag, but this year, DUKES LONDON will be offering big savings in the spirit of Black Friday. For 24 hours on November 24, 2017, the historic boutique hotel will be offering up to 40 percent off on stays in January, February, and March 2018. If you happen to run into the Queen, know she'll never eat these foods, so don't offer her any.

Sailrock Resort, Turks and Caicos This Black Friday through Cyber Monday, Sailrock Resort, a new resort located in South Caicos in the Turk and Caicos island chain, is offering a deal that will bring travelers to island paradise. Travelers who book a stay in a Beachfront Villa on November 24 through November 27, 2017 will receive a 50 percent off villas. Travel must take place between January 1, 2018, and November 19, 2018, with a minimum of four nights.

Wyndham Grand Rio Mar Puerto Rico Golf & Beach Resort, Puerto Rico Book between November 24 and 27 of this year and receive up to 55 percent off the best available rates. Travel must take place between January 1, 2018, and September 30, 2018 with a two night minimum, which shouldn't be a problem since you're in the mood for a long tropical weekend anyway, right?http://www.businessinsider.com/fast-food-cup-optical-illusion-2017-11The internet is flummoxed by this optical illusion of the same amount of soda filling up 3 different-sized fast food cupsA video circulating on Twitter shows what appears to be the same amount of liquid filling three different-sized cups from the fast food chain Jack in the Box.

Twitter users were quick to debunk the optical illusion.

Another video posted on Twitter shows a more accurate depiction of pouring liquid into small, medium, and large Jack in the Box cups.

The internet doesn't know what to think of an optical illusion recently posted on Twitter, in which a person fills three different-sized fast food cups with what appears to be the same amount of soda.

The video begins with what looks like a small-sized cup filled with soda. The person filming pours the full cup into a medium-size cup and the liquid fills it to the top. Finally, they pour the full medium cup into a large-size cup, filling it nearly to the brim as well.

According to Jack in the Box's menu, drinks come in four sizes — 16, 20, 30, and 40 ounces. It's unclear which size cups were used in the video, but we can assume that the small cup used is 16 ounces and the medium cup is 20 ounces.

Check out the video for yourself here:

they rlly be finessing our ass lmaoo pic.twitter.com/6LmKkJuyOM — rayMond (@franco_713) November 19, 2017

The internet was understandably confused by this strange experiment that resembles that of a high school physics class.

Well I’ll be damned — Lord Infamous. (@EllissDe) November 19, 2017

Give this man a raise for doing experiments at work 😂😂 — Fernie (@WSGOODFERNIE) November 20, 2017

Other Twitter users were quick to call out possible tricks behind the optical illusion, alleging that the medium and large-sized cups already had liquid in them before the contents of the small cup were poured. Since the cups are not shown from above, they could have already been partially full when the liquid from the small cup was poured.

How do we know there wasn’t already soda in there that we couldn’t see ? 🤔 — Fresh_R6 (@sloooowevooox) November 19, 2017

Last cup already had liquid in it — Honorary Nudist 💫 (@ReallyRudeDude) November 19, 2017

And while anyone who watched the video was effectively stumped, at least momentarily, it seems that the case has been closed on this optical illusion.

Another Twitter user posted a similar video of someone pouring a small cup of water into a medium then a large cup. Since the liquid is clear, it's harder to see the difference in volume between the three cups, although ultimately viewers can see that the final large-sized cup is not full.

The rolling-eyes emoji says it all.

Sign up to get here INSIDER's top food stories straight to your inbox every week.http://www.businessinsider.com/best-black-friday-sales-2017-11The only stores you should bother shopping at for Black FridayNearly every major retailer rolls out its best sale of the year on Black Friday, and it can be overwhelming to figure out which deals are actually worth your time and money. To make things easier for you, we've compiled a list of the 20 best places to shop at on Black Friday. From toys to tech, keep scrolling to see the only stores you should go to this weekend. View As: One Page Slides

Target As a part of its massive holiday shopping deals, Target is offering some impressive deals online and in stores. Check out our favorite discounted tech and home items.

Walmart From tech to home goods, Walmart has something for every shopper.

Best Buy Best Buy is selling tons of gadgets at low prices. Most notably, the store is offering $300 off Samsung Galaxy Note 8, Galaxy S8, or the S8 Plus phones.

Amazon As expected, Amazon has a ton of great tech deals available online. We're particularly excited about the Kindle White e-reader, which is being sold for $50. Check out all of our favorite Amazon deals here.

Kmart In addition to online-exclusive doorbuster sales, Kmart will also offer shoppers 10 to 50% off all items in stores.

Old Navy Everything at Old Navy is 50% off on Black Friday. Plus, the retailer will be selling its fan-favorite fuzzy socks for just $1.

Nordstrom Nordstrom is offering deals in its women's, men's, kids, beauty, and home departments. Some sale items will be discounted an additional 20%. You can check out our favorite sale items here.

Lord & Taylor The department store will offer shoppers 20% off in stores and online. Just in time for winter, select cashmere sweaters will be discounted for just $39.99.

American Eagle Outfitters American Eagle is offering 40% off everything and free shipping on online orders. The in-person sale starts at 6 p.m. on Thanksgiving, but you can already access the sale online.

Urban Outfitters Everything at Urban Outfitters is included in the store's buy-one-get-one 50% off deal.

Sephora From what we've seen so far, Sephora is offering some great makeup deals — but we're especially excited about the mini gift sets that cost between $10 and $15. You can check out our favorite sale items here.

Ulta Ulta's Black Friday beauty deals are almost irresistible, as many of our most-wanted items are 50% off. From a no-frizz curling wand to mascara, check out all of our favorite sale items here.

Barnes and Noble In addition to a free cup of coffee, Barnes and Noble will offer shoppers 50% off select items and a buy-one-get-one 50% off deal on educational toys and games.

Toys "R" Us Toys "R" us is offering discounts of 30%, 40%, and 50% on its inventory. If you're lucky, you might be able to snag this year's must-have toy: the Fingerling.

Dick's Sporting Goods Dick's Sporting Goods stores will open at 5 a.m. to offer shoppers discounted athleisure apparel, workout equipment, and other athletic accessories.

GameStop GameStop will offer steep discounts on must-have video games, consoles, and other gadgets. Most notably, the store is offering $100 off a 1TB PlayStation 4 and $90 off a 500GB Xbox 5S.

Bed Bath & Beyond Bed Bath & Beyond is rewarding early risers by offering them 20% off their purchases between 6 a.m. and noon on Black Friday. The deal extends to popular products like the critically acclaimed Instant Pot.

Crate & Barrel Crate & Barrel is selling trendy furniture, kitchenware, and home goods for 15% off and clearance items are eligible for an additional 60% discount. Plus, all online orders worth $49 and up qualify for free shipping.http://www.businessinsider.com/best-thanksgiving-leftovers-recipes-2017-11Chefs reveal 10 Thanksgiving leftovers ideas that are way better than a sandwichThanksgiving leftovers get tiresome quickly, even the iconic Thanksgiving sandwich.

We rounded up 10 different creative, delicious tips and recipes from professional chefs and food personalities to clean out your fridge the week after Thanksgiving without getting bored.

From turkey ramen to stuffing waffles, there's something for everyone. Thanksgiving is easily the most gluttonous of all the holidays, so two things are pretty much guaranteed: You will be donning your favorite stretchy pants on Thursday, and by Friday your fridge will be filled to the brim with leftovers. But even though the Thanksgiving leftovers sandwich is an iconic creation, it's easy to get bored quickly by the same-old Tupperware contents. Before you waste your unwanted leftovers, be sure to check out our list of creative and innovative tips and recipes to remix your Turkey Day remnants into something creative. Chefs and food bloggers told us how to repurpose everything from the turkey to the gravy, and even leftover bottles of red wine. Keep scrolling for some enticing post-Thanksgiving culinary ideas. View As: One Page Slides

Thanksgiving leftovers pizza This holiday leftovers pizza from Julie Andrews of "Julie the Gourmet RD" food blog proves that literally anything can be made out of a pizza. With whole grain flatbread as your base, just swap out tomato sauce for cranberries, and pepperoni for turkey, and stick it in the oven. Get the recipe here.

Turkey ramen This genius Japanese-inspired recipe comes from Angelo Sosa, two-time Top Chef and owner of AOSbySOSA aprons. "Take all of the bones and carcass, throw in a pot, and cook on high heat for 30 minutes. Allow all the fat to come together, and season with a little soy sauce and Sriracha before adding your favorite noodles." Try out this recipe for leftover turkey ramen here.

Potato pancakes Turn your leftover mashed potatoes or roasted potatoes into latkes (a perfect fit for the start of the holiday season), thanks to this tip from the Ritz-Carlton Tysons Corner culinary team. "We suggest repurposing potatoes as they tend to last longer and are easy to manipulate into new flavors and textures for leftover meals." Get the recipe for leftover mashed potato pancakes here.

Leftover stuffing waffles Who said leftovers only have to be eaten at lunch or dinner? Put your waffle iron to good use by stuffing it with... stuffing, according to this recipe from "Julie the Gourmet RD." Top with gravy and a fried egg for a delicious breakfast treat. Try the recipe for stuffing waffles here.

Leftover Thanksgiving crepes Sandwiches are out, crepes are in. "One of my favorite ways to use up Thanksgiving leftovers is savory crêpes," pastry chef and food blogger Justin Iso said. "They are surprisingly easy to make and are a sophisticated way to enjoy leftover stuffing, turkey, and vegetables. The only ingredients you need are butter, flour, milk, and eggs. Toss in whatever leftovers you feel like, fold it over, and drizzle with a healthy dose of gravy." Try out a recipe for Thanksgiving crepes here.

Japanese potato croquettes (Korokke) Foxwoods Resort Casino executive chef Eddie Allen is inspired by his Japanese heritage when he tries to remix Thanksgiving leftovers. "One of my favorite leftover recipes comes from my Japanese heritage, and is called Korokke," chef Allen said. "Korokke is a Japanese potato croquette, and my Thanksgiving leftover version utilizes the leftover mashed potatoes, stuffing and turkey meat. It's incredibly simple — just combine two parts cold leftover mashed potatoes with one part cold stuffing, and add diced turkey meat. Form the mixture into patties and bread them (I use egg, flour and Panko breadcrumbs) and then fry them until crisp. These are great served with leftover turkey gravy as a dipping sauce!"

Gravy balls This recipe from "Julie the Gourmet RD" involves taking turkey, stuffing, and mashed potatoes, frying them in batter, and drizzling with leftover gravy. It's simple, but cleans out the fridge fast. Get the recipe here.

Stewed turkey wings Most people go for the turkey breast on Thanksgiving while the wings and legs are left gathering dust in your fridge in the days after the feast. But don't be a dark meat hater: Remix those wings into something new with chef Allen's recipe for stewed turkey wings. According to his recipe, you season the turkey wings in tomatoes, onions, tomato paste, red pepper, and thyme, and then brown in oil on the stove. Then you pour over a cup or two of turkey stock, bring to a boil, and serve.

Red wine sorbet If your family is the type that opens red bottles of wine and leaves them partially full (we know that's not everyone), you can put your red wine to good use in a new way. "After the party, clear those leftover bottles of red wine out of your kitchen by making red wine sorbet," Tavern62 chef David Burke suggests. Try this red wine-raspberry sorbet here.http://www.businessinsider.com/elon-musk-just-met-his-100-day-deadline-on-a-50-million-bet-2017-11Elon Musk just won a $50 million bet for building the world's largest lithium-ion battery in 100 daysElon Musk has won a high-stakes bet after the construction of the world's largest lithium-ion battery was completed in under 100 days.

The Tesla founder made a bet on Twitter with Atlassian's Mike Cannon-Brookes in March that Musk would supply the battery within 100 days or it was free.

Musk said that if he failed to meet the deadline, the project would have cost him "$50 million or more."



Elon Musk will get paid for building the world's largest lithium-ion battery in South Australia, as the 100-megawatt project is about to begin testing ahead of a December 1 deadline to complete building it or make it free.

State premier Jay Weatherill announced on Thursday that regulatory testing at the site — which is paired with the French energy business Neoen's Hornsdale wind farm, 230 kilometres north of Australia's capital, Adelaide — would begin within days.

When fully charged, the battery, Tesla's Powerpack, is expected to hold enough power for 8,000 homes for 24 hours, or more than 30,000 houses for an hour during a blackout.

The project is part of a $550 million plan by the state to guarantee energy supply following a statewide blackout last year that turned into a national political debate over energy security and costs. A 250-megawatt gas-fired generator, expected to cost $360 million, is also due to come online this summer to provide extra power.

The battery is the result of a Twitter bet between the Tesla founder and Atlassian's Mike Cannon-Brookes in March that he would supply the battery within 100 days or it was free. The clock began ticking when Musk visited Adelaide in September to sign off on the deal — though work was already underway on the plant after the government gave the contract to Musk in July.

Musk had said that if he failed to meet the deadline, it would have cost him "probably $50 million or more."

The Tesla plant will be called upon during periods of "load shedding," when excess demand would otherwise result in blackouts.

Weatherill said that the battery was now complete and that the testing would ensure it is optimised and meets energy market regulatory requirements.

"It sends the clearest message that South Australia will be a leader in renewable energy with battery storage," he said. "An enormous amount of work has gone into delivering this project in such a short time, and I look forward to visiting Jamestown next week to personally thank those who have worked on this project."

Get the latest Tesla stock price here.

Read the original article on Business Insider Australia. Copyright 2017. Follow Business Insider Australia on Twitter.http://www.businessinsider.com/fcc-releases-final-net-neutrality-proposal-2017-11The government proposed new rules that would let internet providers block apps and create fast lanes — read the full planThe Federal Communications Commission will vote December 14 on a new rule that would roll back net-neutrality regulations adopted in 2015.

The FCC released the full text of the order on Wednesday.

It proposes allowing internet service providers to create so-called fast lanes and block apps and services, as well as giving privacy oversight to the Federal Trade Commission.



The Federal Communications Commission, led by chairman Ajit Pai, on Wednesday released the final draft of a closely watched plan to reverse a net-neutrality policy barring internet service providers from blocking or slowing down web content.

Net neutrality is the concept that all internet traffic should be treated equally, no matter what ISP is carrying it.

Pai's proposal, named the Restoring Internet Freedom order, would reverse a 2015 ruling that classifies ISPs as utilities — opposed by ISPs and supported by net-neutrality advocates, who say such policies encourage innovation.

The main difference from the current policy in Pai's proposed order is that broadband internet access would be classified under Title I of the Communications Act instead of under Title II — basically, ISPs would be "information services" instead of "public utilities."

This seemingly small change would allow ISPs like Comcast and Verizon to legally experiment with so-called fast lanes for internet traffic, in which they prioritize some apps and services over others. Theoretically, under these rules, an ISP could prioritize its own traffic or even block certain apps or services.

The order would also give significant additional authority to the Federal Trade Commission:

"Our balanced approach also restores the authority of the nation's most experienced cop on the privacy beat — the Federal Trade Commission — to police the privacy practices of Internet Service Providers."

Some FCC commissioners have said they will oppose the order.

This is the @FCC plan to roll back #NetNeutrality: https://t.co/05owAva2hu.



Don't boo. Read it. Then roar.



It's time to make a ruckus. It's time to #SaveNetNeutrality. — Jessica Rosenworcel (@JRosenworcel) November 22, 2017

The FCC will vote on the order at its meeting on December 14.http://www.businessinsider.com/eleven-jokes-that-show-off-amazon-alexas-sense-of-humor-2017-10Just in time for turkey dinner, Amazon's Alexa assistant has some Thanksgiving-themed jokes for youYou probably knew Amazon's Alexa was smart. But did you know it has a great sense of humor too?

The voice assistant inside the company's line of Echo smart speakers, Alexa can set timers, play music, order a car, and even read to you at night.

That's pretty impressive, but a know-it-all assistant could get irritating after awhile. Luckily the whizzes at Amazon decided to lighten up Alexa with a sense of humor.

Alexa's jokes often veer dangerously close to ones your dad might tell, but at times it can be pretty cheeky. Amazon also seems to enjoy holidays — just in time for Thanksgiving, it's added some seasonally festive jokes.

Here are 12 of our favorite Alexa jokes, Thanksgiving-themed and otherwise:http://www.businessinsider.com/samsung-galaxy-s9-may-appear-at-ces-2018-2017-11Samsung's next flagship smartphone may make an early appearance in JanuarySamsung's next high-end smartphones, the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+, may come earlier than usual.

They may make their first appearance as early as next January, at Las Vegas' Consumer Electronics Show (CES).

They will reportedly be "iterative" devices, but still pack some new stuff, with a focus on power and overall polish.

Samsung's new flagship smartphones for the first half of 2018 are already on their way, and may make a super-early appearance at next January's CES.

The original report, from VentureBeat, mentions that the tentatively named "Galaxy S9" and "Galaxy S9+" will only be "iterative" devices, largely building on the noteworthy, trend-launching, almost bezel-less designs of this year's S8 duo.

The S9 and S9+ are named "Star 1" and "Star 2" internally, and will reportedly feature the same 5.8- and 6.2-inch Quad HD, AMOLED displays of their respective predecessors.

Processors will apparently get a notable speed boost, however, moving the more energy-efficient 10-nanometer manufacturing process — strongly hinting at Qualcomm's forthcoming Snapdragon 845, likely in conjunction with a new, in-house made Exynos counterpart for non-US markets.

The added power will also reportedly be coupled with 6GB of RAM, like on the more recent Note 8, as opposed to the 4GB its predecessors had, to better compete with Apple's increasingly powerful A-line series and stay ahead of the competition in the Android space.

VentureBeat's sources also say that 64GB of onboard storage will come in the base model, and the microSD card slot will remain, alongside the 3.5mm headphone jack.

The camera will change, instead, moving to a dual lens, vertically aligned setup (like on the iPhone X) that moves the fingerprint reader closer to the middle of the device's back, in response to the numerous complaints Samsung received with the S8, S8+, and even the Note 8.

Last but not least is DeX, Samsung's system that allows the S8 to function as a desktop workstation by plugging it into a monitor and keyboard with the support of a custom accessory. The new docking station will keep the phone in a flat position, VentureBeat says, and "utilise the screen as either a touchpad or a virtual keyboard."http://www.businessinsider.com/tech-firms-react-fcc-plan-kill-net-neutrality-2017-11Tech firms are starting to speak up against the FCC's plan to kill net neutrality: 'We are disappointed'Business Insider asked some of the biggest tech firms in the US about the FCC's plans to kill net neutrality.

Netflix, Facebook, Google and more are all speaking out in support of net neutrality, and against the FCC's plans.



The FCC is planning to kill net neutrality — and some tech companies are starting to speak out.

In December, the US telecoms regulator is planning to roll-back Obama-era rules that ensure net neutrality — the principle that all data must be treated equally, and companies can't charge for preferential access.

The plan is expected to pass, and if it does, it will mean ISPs and telecoms firms are able to charge companies for access to "fast lanes," or even block certain apps altogether.

Pro-net neutrality activists, who argue the principle creates a level playing-field online, are up in arms about the plan. And some tech companies are now speaking out in support of net neutrality as well, from Facebook to Netflix.

Business Insider reached out to some of the biggest tech firms in America today to ask for their reaction to the FCC's plan. Their initial responses are below, and we will continue to update this post as more come in.

Facebook: Net neutrality ensures 'the internet remains open for everyone'

In an emailed statement, Facebook's vice-president of US public policy Erin Egan said: "We are disappointed that the proposal announced today by the FCC fails to maintain the strong net neutrality protections that will ensure the internet remains open for everyone. We will work with all stakeholders committed to this principle."

Google: 'We are disappointed'

A Google spokesperson says: "The FCC’s net neutrality rules are working well for consumers and we’re disappointed in the proposal announced today."

Netflix: 'We oppose the FCC's proposal'

In a tweet sent on Tuesday, video-streaming giant Netflix signaled its support of net neutrality and its opposition to the FCC's plans.

Says Netflix:

"Netflix supports strong #NetNeutrality. We oppose the FCC's proposal to roll back these core protections." In response to a Twitter using calling for it to take action, it added: "We've been supporting for years thru IA and Day to Save Net Neutrality with a banner on Netflix homepage for all users. More info in Q4 2016 earnings letter, as well. This current draft order hasn't been officially voted, so we're lodging our opposition publicly and loudly now."

Netflix supports strong #NetNeutrality. We oppose the FCC's proposal to roll back these core protections. — Netflix US (@netflix) November 21, 2017

The company did not immediately respond to Business Insider's request for additional comment.

Reddit: Net neutrality is 'crucial to innovation'

The Reddit community is fiercely pro-net neutrality, and has been up in arms about the plans. Most of the top posts on the social news and community site right now are calls to arms, or highly critical messages targeting the FCC.

The company itself is also pro-net neutrality.

In a statement, a Reddit spokesperson said:

"Reddit is actively monitoring the FCC's proposed rule changes that could dismantle net neutrality as we know it. From farmers in South Dakota to musicians in Kentucky to small business owners in Utah, net neutrality is just as important to redditors as it is to Reddit and we will continue to advocate for and work constructively to maintain a free and open Internet. It is crucial to innovation and the health of our economy that small businesses have equal access to the internet, with winners and losers chosen by consumers, not ISPs."

Internet Association: The proposal 'defies the will of millions of Americans'

The Internet Association, an industry body whose members include Amazon, Dropbox, Ebay, Facebook, Google, LinkedIn, Microsoft, Spotify, Uber, and others, put out a statement on Tuesday criticising the plans. It said:

"Chairman Pai’s proposal, if implemented, represents the end of net neutrality as we know it and defies the will of millions of Americans who support the 2015 Open Internet Order. This proposal undoes nearly two decades of bipartisan agreement on baseline net neutrality principles that protect Americans’ ability to access the entire internet.

"The 2015 Order created bright-line, enforceable net neutrality protections that guarantee consumers access to the entire internet and preserve competition online. This proposal fails to achieve any of these objectives. Consumers have little choice in their ISP, and service providers should not be allowed to use this gatekeeper position at the point of connection to discriminate against websites and apps.

“Internet Association and our members will continue our work to ensure net neutrality protections remain the law of the land."

Oracle: Declined to comment

Enterprise tech giant Oracle declined to comment when reached by email.

Salesforce: Reitereated the Internet Association's position

Salesforce, a member of the Internet Association, directed Business Insider to the industry body's statement when reached for comment.

Apple, Twitter, Cisco, and IBM did not immediately respond to Business Insider's request for comment. We will update this story as we hear back.http://www.businessinsider.com/apple-park-drone-flyover-video-2017-11Apple's jaw-dropping 'spaceship' campus is open — take a look from aboveIt's been a long few years, but Apple's $5 billion campus, with its famous "spaceship" building, is finally finished — mostly. Earlier this month, Apple started inviting people to the new visitor center at Apple Park, the building's only space open to the public, which serves coffee and sells exclusive Apple swag. Employees started moving into the new campus earlier this year, and the pace is expected to pick up in the coming months. The campus certainly looks finished. Thousands of trees have been planted, paths have been paved, and the building's roof has been covered in solar panels. There's only a bit of landscaping work still going on near the campus gym. Matthew Roberts, who has been diligently flying a drone over Apple Park for over a year to photograph it, has delivered the best look at the campus's finishing touches from the skies. Take a look: View As: One Page Slides

Here's Apple Park — and the distinctive, circular "spaceship" building — in Cupertino, California.

This is a grand entrance to a big gathering area and cafe. Apple has rolled out the "green carpet" — grass.

Security checkpoints are already in use around the campus.

Part of the idea behind the building was blurring the lines between indoors and outdoors.

There are groves of fruit trees planted in the interior of the "spaceship."

And the central fountain is finally complete.

Apple Park has one of the biggest solar roofs in the world. Solar panels at Apple Park will produce 17 megawatts to power 75% of the campus.

Here's the visitor center that opened earlier this month. This is the only part of the campus open to the public. That roof deck looks nice.

The landscaping around the campus' fitness center is unfinished.

Apple Park is a landmark for sure.http://www.businessinsider.com/inside-facebooks-watch-strategy-for-tv-original-videoInside Facebook’s early efforts to attack TVWatch, Facebook's three-month-old hub for original shows, has yet to produce a commercial hit.

The Facebook-funded shows that have been renewed for second seasons all share the same trend of initial spikes in viewership followed by steep declines.

Facebook is judging the success of shows largely based on the repeat viewers who come back to watch subsequent episodes, rather than the sheer number of views the shows garner.

Facebook is still on the hunt for hit shows and is green-lighting longer shows with bigger budgets, several Watch partners told Business Insider.



To get a show renewed for Facebook Watch, the social network’s three-month-old hub for episodic video, one metric you won’t be judged by is your show’s number of views.

Nearly all of the Facebook-funded shows on Watch that have been renewed for second seasons enjoyed explosive views of their first episodes followed by a more than 50% drop in views for subsequent episodes, according to public Facebook data.

Instead of chasing the millions of views that viral videos often attract in the News Feed, Facebook is renewing shows that attract relatively small numbers of viewers who watch through a season, several partners with shows featured in Facebook's special Watch tab told Business Insider. And now that the first slate of launch shows on Watch have run their course, Facebook is looking to fund longer shows with bigger budgets, the partners said.

“They’re trying to create TV-like consumption habits on the platform where people are encouraged to be habitual watchers versus one-off watchers,” said one partner with several Watch shows who asked to not be identified discussing Facebook’s strategy.

Facebook sees fostering TV-like viewing habits as a way to boost user engagement and eventually rake in the billions of advertising dollars spent on linear broadcast TV programming. But by paying for episodic shows, Facebook is veering from the basic formula responsible for its success in video to date.

“While it is still early days, one of the great things we have learned is that video publishers and creators can build an engaged and predictable audience for their shows on Watch," Facebook VP of product Fidji Simo told Business Insider in a statement.

"Having a loyal audience who comes back to watch every episode is the foundation for building vibrant communities, which is at the core of Watch," she said. "We’re already seeing this happen, with people planning to watch shows they care about, getting drawn into the storylines and forming communities. When we fund content or share best practices with partners who want to create these shows, finding ways to build that audience loyalty, and develop an active community is a huge part of what we are trying to do."

According to its media partners and industry observers, Facebook will need to spend more money on high-wattage celebrities and professional production if it hopes to have the hit show that makes it a scripted video destination. And even then, Facebook will be playing in a hit-driven business where even the most experienced companies see their investments vanish as quickly as they are made.

Creating TV-like consumption habits

Facebook first announced Watch in early August with commitments for dozens of shows from partners like Tastemade, ATTN, and a handful of live events like Major League Baseball games (Business Insider has multiple shows in the Watch tab as well). After a test with a small percentage of US Facebook users, Watch was made available to the rest of the country in late August.

One of the debut show partners for Watch was A&E’s “Bae or Bail,” a self-described “reality TV game show where couples face their fears.” The show’s first episode in early August garnered 32.5 million views despite the fact that Watch was only available to a subset of US Facebook users at the time. But none of the following four episodes managed to crack 3 million views.

“Pretty much every show saw the same pattern,” Paul Greenberg, who led the development of “Bae or Bail” at A&E, told Business Insider of the show’s initial spike in viewership. “It was good to see that everybody saw that drop but we were still higher than most of those shows.”

A&E is still pleased with the reception “Bae or Bail” received on Facebook, according to the network’s president of international and digital media, Sean Cohan. “Our expectations going into this are fundamentally different than a linear show anyway,” he said. “The core of this is research and development.”

He noted that for "Bae or Bail" the "consumption was actually pretty robust” compared to A&E’s shows that air linearly on broadcast TV.

While Facebook has yet to give any numbers that speak to the early usage of Watch aside from the public view counts it shows on its site, outside analysis suggests that shows in the tab are already leading people to spend more time on Facebook. The average watch time per episode is over 50% higher than Facebook’s self-reported average of 16.7 seconds for autoplaying videos in the News Feed, according to a study of 250 Watch episodes by Facebook media partner Delmondo.

Facebook is still experimenting with the right mix of shows for Watch before it decides to aggressively market the feature like it did for live video in late 2016, multiple Watch partners said. The Watch tab is prominently displayed in Facebook’s mobile app in the US and on its desktop website. But the tab is still restricted to the US and Facebook has done little to promote it in the News Feed or elsewhere.

“I think this is a space where everyone likes to walk before they run,” media analyst Rich Greenfield of BTIG told Business Insider. “You’ll know that Facebook is serious about the Watch tab when they start telling you to go to the Watch tab.”

The search for a hit

When Facebook began soliciting pitches for shows late last year, the company indicated in closed-door discussions that it was seeking scripted shows at the production caliber of ABC’s “Scandal” along with budgets similar to shows on YouTube’s Red subscription or Verizon's go90 service.

Facebook declined to discuss the financial terms of its shows, but the company is reportedly planning to spend as much as $1 billion on funding video in 2018. During Facebook’s most recent earnings call with investors, CFO Dave Wehner said that funding original video would contribute to a “significant” increase in spending next year.

Facebook executives have repeatedly said they don’t intend to spend at the same level as HBO or Netflix for content, the latter of which plans to spend $8 billion on original video in 2018. But Watch shows are increasingly becoming attached to A-list actors.

In recent weeks Facebook has pitched celebrities like billionaire “Shark Tank” star Mark Cuban to host shows for Watch, and Hollywood figures like Kerry Washington, Zooey Deschanel, and Bill Murray have all agreed to star in shows since Watch first debuted.

The effort to reel in big names and attach them to bigger-budget productions could lead to a hit show that stirs widespread interest in Watch, multiple show partners suggested. The Hollywood Reporter said last week that Facebook was shifting its strategy to buy more shows outright.

Wall Street's tolerance for Facebook's big-budget video aspirations will not be endless. Spending $1 billion wouldn’t cause much concern among shareholders, RBC Capital Markets tech analyst Mark Mahaney told Business Insider. “More than $1 billion, and I think people would be concerned unless there was evidence of real traction,” he said.

Mahaney said that Watch will be seen as successful if it boosts engagement on Facebook and if the shows are able to build sustained viewership over time. And a mainstream hit show could help lead people to discover other shows on the platform. “Netflix works because eventually one or two of these series catches fires and expands,” he said.

Facebook is directly funding what it internally calls "hero" shows for Watch but eventually plans to let partners monetize their content through ad breaks. The company is also favoring show concepts that include interactive elements that utilizie features on Facebook like comments under videos. Mike Rowe's "Returning the Favor" show, for example, picks which people he visits for each episode based on suggestions from viewers.

“Long-term, our hope is that the business here will primarily be through revenue shares of videos that normal creators and businesses put into the system rather than ones that we proactively go out and license ourselves,” CEO Mark Zuckerberg said during Facebook’s last earnings call. “But first we need to build this behavior where people want to come intentionally to engage with this content.”

The Watch shows that Facebook pays for currently air on a weekly schedule, similar to traditional TV programs. After a show airs for the first time, people can re-watch it on-demand. But at a time when younger viewers are accustomed to binge-watching Netflix shows, Facebook's decision to schedule shows is a risky move that's still unproven. (Netflix CEO Reed Hastings is a Facebook board member.)

While early Watch partners are content to experiment with making shows now, the initiative needs to transition from the research and development phase to producing meaningful revenue, according to A&E exec Sean Cohan.

“I wouldn’t say anyone is betting the farm on these things,” he said. “But I think we’re optimistic that these platforms will find ways to compensate creators in meaningful ways.”

With additional reporting by Nathan McAlone.http://www.businessinsider.com/net-neutrality-portugal-how-american-internet-could-look-fcc-2017-11If you want to see what America would be like if it ditched net neutrality, just look at PortugalThe Federal Communications Commission is planning to ditch net neutrality, which requires internet providers to treat all data online equally.

A Portuguese internet provider shows what the American internet could look like if net neutrality is scrapped.

One company charges people more for additional data based on the kind of app they want to use, such as those for messaging or for video.





On Tuesday, the US Federal Communications Commission announced that it planned to vote on an order to roll back Obama-era rules governing net neutrality.

Simply put, net neutrality means that all data on the internet is treated equally. An internet service provider can't prioritize certain companies or types of data, charge users more to access certain websites and apps, or charge businesses for preferential access.

Advocates of net neutrality argue that it ensures a level playing field for everyone on the internet. Telecoms firms, however, are largely against it because of the additional restrictions it places on them.

But with the Republican-majority FCC likely to vote on December 14 in favor of rolling back the order, what might the American internet look like without net neutrality? Just look at Portugal.

The country's wireless carrier Meo offers a package that's very different from those available in the US. Users pay for traditional "data" — and on top of that, they pay for additional packages based on the kind of data and apps they want to use.

Really into messaging? Then pay €4.99 ($5.86 or £4.43) a month and get more data for apps like WhatsApp, Skype, and FaceTime. Prefer social networks like Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, Messenger, and so on? That'll be another €4.99 a month.

Video apps like Netflix and YouTube are available as another add-on, while music (Spotify, SoundCloud, Google Play Music, etc.) is another, as is email and cloud (Gmail, Yahoo Mail, iCloud, etc.).

Net-neutrality advocates argue that this kind of model is dangerous because it risks creating a two-tier system that harms competition — people will just use the big-name apps included in the bundles they pay for, while upstart challengers will be left out in the cold.

For example: If you love watching videos, and Netflix is included in the video bundle but Hulu isn't, you're likely to try to save money by using only Netflix, making it harder for its competitors.

And without net neutrality, big-name apps could theoretically even pay telecoms firms for preferential access, offering them money — and smaller companies just couldn't compete with that. (It's not clear whether any of the companies named above have paid for preferential access.) An ISP could even refuse to grant access to an app at all unless they paid up.

Democratic Rep. Ro Khanna of California originally shared the Meo example on Twitter in October.

"In Portugal, with no net neutrality, internet providers are starting to split the net into packages," he wrote. "A huge advantage for entrenched companies, but it totally ices out startups trying to get in front of people which stifles innovation. This is what's at stake, and that's why we have to save net neutrality."

Technically, Portugal is bound by the European Union's net-neutrality rules, but loopholes allow certain kinds of pricing schemes like the one outlined above.

Yonatan Zunger, a former Google employee, recently retweeted Khanna's tweet, adding: "This isn't even the worst part of ending net neutrality. The worst part happens when ISPs say 'we don't like this site's politics,' or 'this site competes with us,' and block or throttle it."http://www.businessinsider.com/whitman-tells-employees-her-resignation-should-come-as-no-surprise-2017-11MEMO: Meg Whitman tells employees that news of her departure should have come 'as no surprise'After announcing her decision to resign as Hewlett Packard Enterprise's CEO on February 1, Meg Whitman sent an email to company employees about her departure.



In the email, she gave her unequivocal support to Antonio Neri, the 22-year company veteran who has been tapped to succeed her.

She also said those who have seen her work with Neri over the past year will not be "surprised" by the announcement that he is to become the next CEO.



Meg Whitman's decision to step down as CEO of Hewlett Packard Enterprise may have seemed sudden to some, but she thinks employees shouldn't have been surprised.

In an email to HPE employees obtained by Business Insider, Whitman noted that Antonio Neri, HPE's president who will replace her as CEO on February 1, has worked with her closely and publicly lately.

"For those of you who have watched Antonio and I work together during this past year, I suspect today’s announcement comes as no surprise," Whitman said in the email. "Many years ago, I said the next CEO of Hewlett Packard should come from inside our company. And when I said that, Antonio was exactly the kind of insider I had in mind."

Whitman did not tell employees why she decided to leave the CEO job or where she plans to go next. She will remain on HPE's board.

Hewlett Packard has been through an endless amount of drama over the past decade, or longer, and Whitman's reign was no exception. From 2012 through the split into two companies, HP had laid off 55,000 workers. After the split, both companies continued to shed workers. By the end of 2016, HPE alone had laid off 72,000 people and word was it had another 5,000 layoffs in the works. In addition, she sold and spun out whole business units, creating four companies out of what was once just one, Hewlett Packard.

In her email, she acknowledged this by saying, "When I became president and CEO of HP in 2011, the company faced daunting challenges – leadership issues, broken strategies, weak execution, an increasingly competitive market and macro-economic headwinds," and adding, "Together, we created four strong companies and generated enormous shareholder value."

Proud of The Machine

Her resignation comes just two months after Whitman promised she was "not going anywhere." That declaration followed her public admission that she had had discussions about becoming the next CEO of Uber and amid concerns that those discussions could be seen as a lack of commitment to HPE and jeopardize her future there.

During HPE's quarterly earnings conference call on Tuesday, Wall Street analysts asked Whitman why she was leaving now after she had so recently said she was staying put. She declined to give much of an explanation.

"There hasn't been a change in sentiment," she said, adding "I think it is absolutely the right time for Antonio and a new generation of leaders to take the reins."

As for what she will do next, she told analysts she plans to be "a very active board member." Beyond that, she plans to take a break.

"After a 35-year nonstop career I am actually kind of [ready to] take a little downtime, but there's no chance I'm going to a competitor [to HPE]. No chance," she said. She added: "I love this company, and I wouldn't ever go to a competitor." (Our bet is she spends some time on various boards and that if she takes another CEO gig, it will be at a growing, mid-size startup, not another troubled giant.)

One of the big bets that Whitman made during her tenure was "The Machine," a powerful computer that will use a new kind of memory that could store and process massive amounts of data instantly.

In her email, Whitman called the program one of the things she is "most proud of" from her time leading the company.

Whitman is not heading for the door immediately. She and the new CEO, Neri, will be hosting an employee town hall on Wednesday.http://www.huffingtonpost.com.au/2017/11/01/three-tips-to-make-learning-a-second-language-easier_a_23264042/Three Tips To Make Learning A Second Language EasierLearning a second language is no easy task.

A lot of time and dedication is required, plus there is a significant amount of memorising of words and phrases. And even once you've learnt those, it takes both skill and confidence to use them in a real-life setting.

Well, Associate Professor Evan Kidd from the ARC Centre of Excellence for the Dynamics of Language says that anyone can learn a new language as long as they put enough time into the process.

"I think that almost anyone, if they give it a good enough shot, is going to have some abilities in a language with enough exposure and time," Kidd told HuffPost Australia.

According to Kidd, one of the biggest challenges adults face when learning a new language is approaching it with the knowledge of their mother tongue. Our brains are finely tuned to our first language and so we approach any new linguistic situation within the framework of that first language.

"The challenge in learning a second language is the fact that you have a first language," Kidd said. "Part of that is you are coming to your second language with knowledge of your first language."

So, what are some ways that we can make the language-learning process easier?

Three ways to make learning a new language easier Use stock phrases Learning a few generic and adaptable phrases in a new language can make it easier to use and also give you a template to build other terms using that same formula. "It's good to have a few stock phrases because then you can start strapping off from those so you can say -- 'OK I have got this phrase and I can put different verbs in it and different nouns in it', which is actually how young kids tend to learn," Kidd said. Memorise When you first start out, learning the basic grammar and vocabulary of any language is going to require time to create a solid linguistic foundation. This means a lot of dedication to learning the words and making an effort to remember those through practice. "Inevitably, there are going to be instances where you are just going to need to memorise the rule because, let's face it, languages are weird entities." Actually speak the language Kidd said that in his experience, one of the most important things when learning a new language is making the effort to use it as much as possible. "It's all fine and good to sit there and learn it and then do in a class, but you really have to talk and I think by virtue of talking that's when you really start to get much more sense that this is a communicative system and you really want to use that to communicate." "[It's a] combination between memorisation and a little bit of 'extraversion' and having a go."

Children are exposed to languages at a very young age, even from the time they are in the womb. The process of acquiring language begins with sounds and language rhythms and eventually builds up to words and sentences.

"One of the cool things about infants when they are born is they have the ability to perceive the difference between any sound that the human vocal tract can make, and the thing is that any one language will only use a subset of those sounds," Kidd said.

An interesting example of how this works can be found when the English and Japanese languages are compared.

"In English we have a distinction between the 'R' sound and the 'L' sound but in Japanese they don't have that distinction -- they've got one which is between these two sounds," Kidd explained.

"So, what happens when a Japanese infant is born is that they can distinguish between the 'R' and 'L' sounds but once they get to about 12 months they can't do it anymore and that is because their language doesn't have it."

Children under 12 months can identify every sound a human voice tract can make.

As humans lose this ability around the age of 12 months, we become unable to accurately distinguish some sounds that our mother tongue doesn't use. It's in this way that learning a first and a second language is fundamentally different.

Most of us can't remember learning our first language because it was effortless and occurred over a long period of time, but acquiring that second one requires a lot of hard work.

"I guess what the one distinction between a first language and second language is that first language acquisition is really implicit and a second language can be more explicit."

The explicit nature of learning a second language means that we are very aware of how much energy and dedication it takes to be able to speak any language well. Kidd says that being as confident as possible with another language could be the gateway to your success.

"Let's face it, there is nothing more humbling than learning a second language and using it because you just revert to [being] a two-year-old."http://cnn.com/travel/article/pope-farm-castel-gandolfo-italy/index.htmlCastel Gandolfo: Harvest time at the Pope's farm(CNN) — It's harvest time at Pope Francis' farm.

At the 62-acre farm in the hills outside of Rome, a basket of fresh produce is prepared for the Pope's table every morning and sent down to the Vatican.

Special requests from Francis include broccoli and cauliflower, the farmers tell us.

Handmade cheeses, milk, eggs and yoghurt are also made fresh daily and put in the Pope's basket.

The vegetable garden at the farm has a special plot where seeds from the White House, gifted to the Pope by President Obama in 2014, are planted.

Related content Pope opens private summer residence to visitors

"The seeds are under the earth now," says head farmer, Alessandro Reale, "but we hope in the springtime, with the help of God, to be able to pick the cucumbers, carrots and zucchini from the Obamas."

The farm is at the Castel Gandolfo estate, for centuries the summer residence and vacation retreat of the head of the Catholic Church, which Pope Francis has opened to the public.

The farm has 1,000 olive trees -- over half of them dating back to the year 1200.

Each year, they produce a small number of bottles of olive oil for the Pope and officials who live in the Vatican.

The olive oil is high-quality, Alessandro Reale tells CNN, rigorously cold-pressed by granite stone, to make sure the oil being extracted doesn't heat up and ruin the flavor.

Chickens at the farm feed on the extra dough from remnants of communion wafers, made by cloistered nuns who live on the property.https://chicago.suntimes.com/news/holiday-shopping-surprises-favorite-stores-amazon/Retailers look to woo shoppers from rivals as Amazon growsRetailers look to woo shoppers from rivals as Amazon grows

Retailers are kicking off the holiday shopping season with an eye toward wooing shoppers away from rivals. | AP file photo

NEW YORK — Toys and TVs at J.C. Penney, Barbies at Best Buy, kitchen appliances like wine refrigerators at B.J.’s. As the holiday shopping season officially kicks off Thursday, shoppers may find some surprises at their favorite stores.

Even as retailers are counting on a lift from a better economy, they’re looking beyond economic data and mapping out ways to pick up sales from other retailers as Amazon expands its reach. That can mean opening earlier than rivals on the holidays or even jumping into new product categories. The fight for market share comes as analysts at Bain say Amazon is expected to take half of the holiday season’s sales growth. And Amazon is the top destination for people to begin holiday shopping, according to a September study by market research firm NPD Group.

“The retailers are in survival mode. It’s about stealing each other’s market share,” said Marshal Cohen, chief industry analyst at NPD. “Amazon is the Grinch. They’re stealing the growth.”

With the jobless rate at a 17-year-low of 4.1 percent and consumer confidence stronger than a year ago, analysts project healthy sales increases for November and December.

The National Retail Federation trade group expects sales for that period to at least match last year’s rise of 3.6 percent and estimates online spending and other non-store sales will rise 11 percent to 15 percent.

Amazon is expected to be a big beneficiary as it cements loyalty among its Prime members and moves into new services and private-label merchandise. The company has introduced more than 20 such brands in the past two years in clothing, electronics, groceries and more, says Bain.

That leaves stores looking at rivals to see where they can pick up sales. There are extra dollars up for grabs this year, after thousands of store locations have closed and several retailers including Gymboree and Toys R Us filed for bankruptcy protection.

Jordan Ascencio, who has sons aged 1, 7, and 8, plans to bypass Toys R Us on Black Friday after being turned off by what she says are dirty stores and skimpy supplies. The latest problem: Her online order was canceled following a large-scale coupon glitch.

“I am not a fan anymore,” said the resident of Sapulpa, Oklahoma. Instead, she plans to buy toys at J.C. Penney and Target.

And with Gymboree shuttering a quarter of its stores, Ascencio is buying more of her children’s clothing at Target, which has launched a number of new private label brands.

Target CEO Brian Cornell recently highlighted that up to $60 billion in consumer spending will be up for the taking in the next few years, and said the chain has been picking up market share in such areas as clothing.

The Thanksgiving weekend, when stores go all-out to attract shoppers, can be an indication of how well they’ll do through the season. About 69 percent of Americans, or 164 million people, intend to shop at some point during the five-day period from Thanksgiving to Cyber Monday, according to a survey released by the National Retail Federation. It expects Black Friday to remain the busiest day, with about 115 million people planning to shop then.

Stores like Macy’s, Target and Kohl’s are set to open Thursday evening as they try to woo early shoppers. Walmart starts deals in its stores at 6 p.m. J.C. Penney is opening its doors at 2 p.m., an hour earlier than last year and at least three hours ahead of its department store rivals.

Some retailers are using the weekend to test new product areas before committing to them year-round: Penney says it will have TVs and consumer electronics like game consoles as doorbusters for Thanksgiving and Black Friday only. Penney has also added year-round toy shops and increased its selection of work pants as an apparent move to grab market share from Sears, after last year going back to selling major appliances.

Penney’s Senior Vice President James Starke called these moves “market share plays.”

Both Walmart and Target have been expanding their exclusive toys offerings. Walmart is throwing parties in its stores including ones where kids can play with new toys. Best Buy created its first toy booklet for the holidays. And in its Black Friday ad, the chain features Barbies among smart TVs and other electronics.

Chris Baldwin, CEO of BJ’s Wholesale Club, says it is offering more toys and clothes. In clothing, it’s offering key national brands in areas like casual athletic wear amid rampant store closures. And he says clothing sales are up by at least 10 percent as people don’t go to the mall as much.

“There’s no question that consumer spending has started to tick up and confidence is a little bit better, which is terrific, but we are also seeing some benefit from other retailers,” he said.https://suntimesmedia.wordpress.com/sports/woolly-bears-forecasting-things-that-distract-me-or-i-digress/Woolly bears forecasting: Things that distract me or I digressWoolly bears forecasting: Things that distract me or I digress

So John Vukmirovich and I were wandering around on our way to watch sandhill cranes at Jasper-Pulaski Fish and Wildlife Area in Indiana.

A side wander on Monday found us at Perry Farm in Bourbonnais hiking around the prairie there.

And we saw something like five woolly bears, all looking like the one above.

Decipher what woolly bears like that signify, oh great outdoors people.

These things do distract me and I ended up on The Old Farmer’s Almanac site and found an article on woolly bears and forecasting, which kinda of slyly acknowledges that woolly bears as forecasters are kinda hooey.

Well, let’s not mince words, just like the winter forecasts in The Old Farmer’s Almanac are kinda hooey. But I do like that something as venerable as The Old Farmer’s Almanac has also transitioned to a strong on-line presence (click here).

I did find this nugget in the article:

Here’s the legend: The Woolly Bear caterpillar has 13 distinct segments of either rusty brown or black. The wider the rusty brown sections (or the more brown segments there are), the milder the coming winter will be. The more black there is, the more severe the winter.

So do these woolly bears signify an ordinary or hard winter?

Or should I just go back to stuffing my face on Thanksgiving?https://suntimesmedia.wordpress.com/sports/kids-flock-to-new-austin-boxing-club-gift-from-local-business-owners/Kids flock to new Austin Boxing Club, gift from local business ownersKids flock to new Austin Boxing Club, gift from local business owners

Sal Ahmed teaches kids how to box at the Austin Boxing Club, 5915 W. Division St., in the Austin neighborhood on the West Side, Friday, Nov. 10, 2017. | Ashlee Rezin/Sun-Times

“Jab!” A trainer barks at five kids lined up in a boxing ring — four boys and a girl. They step and punch, moving in unison toward the ropes.

“Jab!” They step. “One!” They punch. “One-two!” This is a dance of arms and feet.

It’s early evening on a recent Friday at the Austin Boxing Club/ABC, a novelty that arrived in the West Side’s Austin neighborhood two months ago. The place is packed with youth ages 8 to 13, enjoying free after-school boxing training.

Their parents watch, some clearly tickled.

The pint-sized fighters later clear out at 7 p.m. so kids 14 and older, and young adults, can take their turn.

The nonprofit boxing club is the dream of an area businessman who had shown promise in the ring in his teen years, but traded the sport for a life of crime.

“My story with boxing goes back to growing up in Albany Park, hanging out at this gym, River Park. I had the skills, but didn’t have the dedication, so I got caught up in the streets,” says 41-year-old Salah Ahmed, who spent time behind bars for his involvement with gangs and drugs.

“What I’m trying to do with these kids is get ’em off the streets. I’m not going to sugarcoat who I was. As a teen, I heard the streets calling, and went and did what I was going to do, the gangs, the drugs. And I did time for it,” he recounts.

“Back then, I didn’t know I had skills. People I was sparring with did not want to get in the ring with me. But when they told me to jump rope, I thought jumping rope was for girls. I said, ‘I’m not going to do that. If you don’t have no sparring, I’m not in it.’ ”

Ahmed and his three brothers inherited the nearby Sunset Liquor, at 5921 W. Division, from their father, who passed away in 2001. Mohamed Ahmed had run it since 1983.

The boxing club, at 5915 W. Division, just east of Austin Boulevard, is the siblings’ effort to give back to the community.

On a recent day, a young boy pulls on Ahmed: “Sal, can I go in the ring?”

“No, go practice the bag,” he tells him.

Another boy comes to complain: “Sal, he’s been up there for two rounds!”

“Hey, finish that round! He’s up next,” Ahmed yells to the boys hogging the ring, who comply.

Naser Ahmed, 31, Salah Ahmed’s realtor brother, is the business mind behind the endeavor — a $100,000 investment in this community.

The family’s relationship with the Austin community is notable, given some longstanding resentment in the black community over the proliferation of Arab-American-owned businesses and liquor stores, and the dearth of businesses owned by African-Americans.

Naser Ahmed shrugs off those issues, saying his family business has been a responsible neighbor, and his father worked hard to build a solid reputation in Austin, by helping the neighborhood in many ways over the years.

“The place is full every day of the week, and there’s been tremendous support from the community,” says Naser Ahmed. “We thank God we’re able to bring this to a community that’s been our second home. We’ve been thriving in this area, so why not give back? We have right now a staff of four, and everything is out of pocket, so this is something that’s truly from our hearts.”

Along one wall, young boys jab upward at small punching bags hanging from the ceiling. Soon, they’ve got a rhythm going.

Other youth punch at eye-level bags suspended between ceiling and floor; while some older boys hold steady some bags the weight and breadth of a human suspended from the ceiling, as the younger ones practice their jab.

“I really appreciate they’re giving the kids something to do after school,” says parent Andre Wilson, 32, as he eyed his son, Kierre, 7, being taken through the paces. “We don’t have a lot of positive things around here for the kids to get into. I let him test it out and he liked it, so I keep bringing him back.”

“I love it,” says Kierre. “It’s kind of fun to box other people.”

The new fight club, which opened on Sept. 16, has gotten huge support from the boxing community.

Volunteers this night include noted boxing world names out of Chicago: Fres Oquendo, Derek Zugic, Derek Drey. Others, like Nate Jones, David Diaz, David Estrada and Mike Jimenez, come in and out.

“This is just a great project my man Sal is doing for the youth,” says Oquendo.

Oquendo grew up in the Chicago Housing Authority’s Lathrop Homes, has challenged three times for the world heavyweight title, and is scheduled to shoot for the title again next spring.

“When I was their age, it taught me a lot of discipline. All the energy they have reserved at this age, it helps to take it out on a heavy bag or speed bag. Growing up in the housing projects, it kept me from joining the gangs, getting into drugs, et cetera, et cetera,” he says.

A girl in barrettes and ponytails sits on the edge of the ring, lifting small purple weights up and down above her head. Another girl is in the ring, jabbing at Drey, who playfully waves off her gloves with spongy tubes.

“This is saving a lot of kids from the neighborhood,” says parent Larry Jones, 31, whose son Brendan, 11, has been coming since it opened. “It keeps him busy, keeps him from being in front of the TV all day, keeps him from going astray. I wish they had this in our neighborhood when we were growing up.”

Outside the club, the block is bustling. Families go about their daily lives, as drunks and drug addicts stumble down a nearby alley.

Austin is among the city’s toughest communities, with some of the highest stats for gun violence.

Salah Ahmed knows a lot of people in this ‘hood. He knows the good folks, and the gang members, too. He’s what they call in the ‘hood an “Old G,” someone who’s left the outlaw life behind, and has respect of the ‘hood’s both good and bad elements.

“My father used to drag my butt over here to work on weekends, to keep me out of trouble. I went to Taft High with a lot of these brothers. I can’t walk up and down these streets without knowing somebody on any one of these blocks,” says the married father of seven.

On the walls of his club, there are the familiar posters: “Stop the Violence.” “Put the guns down.”

“Over the years, I’ve seen a lot of lives lost over here, and one thing I know: If there’s nothing for kids to do, the streets will give it to them, and it tends to be machoing out, hard-coreness, pistol-toting, whatever they call themselves rough and tough with,” Salah Ahmed says.

“A lot of people are talking with guns. Anyone can squeeze a trigger, but not everyone’s got the heart to get under these ropes,” he says. “I don’t think there’s anyplace more macho than a boxing gym. You think you’re tough? Come show me you’re tough in here.”

Two boys walk up and ask him to spar with them. “You two get some gloves,” he says, heading into the ring. They step, punch: “Jab! Get your elbows up!”

The program wraps up as Drey takes the youth through push-ups, now jumping jacks, chanting of positive messages, and the ending fist bump.

“Boxing teaches dedication, hard work, confidence,” Salah Ahmed says. “I just want to get them off the streets, and whatever God has in store for them after that is whatever it is.”https://suntimesmedia.wordpress.com/sports/bobby-portis-is-putting-oct-17-behind-him-even-if-road-fans-arent/Bobby Portis has put Oct. 17 behind him, even if road fans haven’tBobby Portis has put Oct. 17 behind him, even if road fans haven’t

SALT LAKE CITY – Bobby Portis still isn’t running away from what he did.

Fans on the road make sure of that, eagerly bringing up the punching incident whenever possible.

But Portis is hearing the noise less and less.

In the Bulls’ locker room, it’s hardly a topic these days.

Coach Fred Hoiberg freely gives medical updates on Nikola Mirotic, but no longer discusses the Oct. 17 altercation during practice that featured Portis punching Mirotic, breaking two bones in his face and sending him to the hospital with a concussion.

The latest medical update?

“It’s light, but he’s ramping it up every day,’’ Hoiberg said of the shooting Mirotic is doing in Chicago at the Advocate Center. “Every day he’s increasing his range. It’s just a mental process for Niko as well. The important thing is he’s continuing to grow and get better.’’

Portis has grown from the incident, too.

No, he and Mirotic have still not spoken, and maybe they never will, but Portis, who remains popular with teammates, has turned his focus to the court. Everything else is secondary.

“I don’t like to take losses, but [against the Lakers] we got a glimpse of what we can be,’’ Portis said. “It was pretty, man. For three quarters it was pretty basketball, ball movement, everybody into it, the coaches into it, everybody locked in together.

“I feel like we can be a good team in the future with all the pieces that we have and everybody starting to come together.’’

Maybe, but not without growing pains.

That was clear Wednesday night in a 110-80 loss to the Jazz, dropping the Bulls to 3-12 overall and 0-3 on this four-game trip that concludes Friday against the Golden State Warriors.

The loss Wednesday was a clear step backward after a strong showing in Los Angeles, especially on the offensive end which featured the Bulls shoot 37 percent from the field, including 24 percent from three-point range.

That fact that Portis is talking about “the future,’’ however, also shows that he’s confident he’s not going anywhere anytime soon.

The Sun-Times reported last month that Mirotic and his camp issued an ultimatum to the Bulls that either Portis had to go or Mirotic would be willing to waive his no-trade clause for this season so he could go elsewhere.

There’s not a real market for either, so the Bulls have no plans to be forced into just giving away players. The hope remains that time will heal this wound and Mirotic can at least figure out a way to exist with Portis this season. Then this summer maybe something changes.

Until then, Portis is still trying to establish his place on the court.

“The biggest thing with us this year so far is everybody getting to play, and that’s getting me, Denzel [Valentine], Lauri [Markkanen], Kris [Dunn] more comfortable out there,’’ Portis said. “That’s helping us tremendously.’’

And Portis is looking to return the favor, getting the opportunity to help out late in games off the bench.

When the Lakers went small in the fourth quarter, it was Portis and Markkanen on the floor, holding the lead until the six-minute mark when both starting units came back in, Portis returned to the bench, and that lead disappeared.

There was no closing group that could have saved the performance in Utah, so that wasn’t even an option.

But Portis is still thinking that Los Angeles could be a glimpse of things to come for the third-year player.

“Most closing units in the NBA are pretty small,’’ Portis said. “A lot of teams are going with two forwards, and that’s something that me and Lauri can really work with, especially closing the game.

“I feel like that’s definitely something we can use in the future.’’

Portis can talk “future’’ freely these days because he’s fine letting everyone else dwell on the past.

Follow me on Twitter @suntimes_hoops.

Email: jcowley@suntimes.comhttps://suntimesmedia.wordpress.com/sports/blackhawks-squander-two-goal-lead-in-ot-loss-to-lightning/Blackhawks squander two-goal lead in OT loss to LightningBlackhawks squander two-goal lead in OT loss to Lightning

TAMPA, Fla. — Patrick Kane was inches away from a hat trick. More important, he was inches away from a victory.

Two minutes into overtime Wednesday night, Kane raced in all alone on Tampa Bay’s Andrei Vasilevskiy and went to lift a backhander over the lanky goalie’s leg.

He almost got there.

“We talked about it a little bit before [the game], if you’re going to make a move on him, he’s got such long legs, you’re going to have to get it up,” Kane said. “I made the move I wanted, just maybe got a little too close. Got it up, but not enough. He made a nice save with his leg there.”

Patrick Kane celebrates his first-period goal Wednesday night in Tampa. (AP Photo)

Barely a minute later, the Lightning won 3-2 on Brayden Point’s power-play goal.

In theory, a point on the road against the best team in the league is a good point. But the Hawks weren’t in the mood to celebrate one point after losing their seventh straight regular-season game in Tampa (five of which have come in overtime or a shootout).

“I guess you can look at it that way,” Kane said. “You can also look at it that we had a 2-0 lead and gave that up. It’s tough. Would have been nice to score there on the breakaway in overtime and would have had a lot better feeling.”

For one period, at least, the Blackhawks had their way with the Lightning. Kane scored two goals, the Hawks killed off a double-minor that overlapped with another penalty, and they skated stride-for-stride with the high-speed Lightning in a fun and fast first period that hearkened back to the 2015 Stanley Cup Final.

“Had a great first period, great pace,” Joel Quenneville said.

Kane got things going with a wrist shot from the left circle that beat Vasilevskiy far side just 3:49 into the game. The Hawks held the lead with a stellar 5 minutes, 15 seconds of penalty killing — including 45 seconds of 5-on-3 — against the league’s best power play. Then late in the period, the Hawks got a 5-on-3 of their own, and after a nice save by Duncan Keith at the blue line, Cody Franson found Kane for a sharp-angle shot along the goal line and a 2-0 lead.

So after scoring just one goal in the previous 10 games, Kane scored twice in one period. The Hawks now have six power-play goals in their last four games after a lengthy stretch of futility.

“Seems like we’re starting to get some chemistry, the units are starting to get some chemistry,” Kane said. “Just keep working on it, keep getting some new ideas, and take it seriously every time you’re out there.”

Tampa Bay took back the momentum in the second, with the Hawks scrambling in the defensive zone for much of the period. But it was an early shorthanded goal that got the Lightning on the board. Victor Hedman blocked a Kane shot, raced up the ice, then triggered a beauty of a passing play, dropping the puck for Ryan Callahan, who fed Ondrej Palat for the one-timer and tally.

Tampa Bay carried that surge in the third period, with Chris Kunitz slipping a puck between Corey Crawford’s pads just 31 seconds in to tie it 2-2. Each team had its chances to win in regulation, but Crawford and Andrei Vasilevskiy were both strong down the stretch, with Vasilevskiy robbing Richard Panik with a brilliant toe save off a Brandon Saad setup a little more than five minutes into the third.

The chances continued in overtime, with Crawford stopping Point and Nikita Kucherov, and Kane coming up empty on his breakaway. Then Nick Schmaltz was whistled for a questionable slashing penalty — Quenneville, diplomatically, said, “I couldn’t find it on the replay” — and Point cashed in for the victory.

“It was an exciting game,” Quenneville said. “We had our chances to get the lead again, but they’re a dangerous team. Took one too many penalties — although I’d argue that call.”

Follow me on Twitter @MarkLazerus

Email: mlazerus@suntimes.comhttp://www.businessinsider.com/heart-attack-grill-burger-las-vegas-2015-1This 20,000-Calorie Burger Is The Craziest Thing We've Ever EatenThe burger with the most calories in the world can be found at the Heart Attack Grill in Las Vegas, which has made national headlines for killing its customers with its over-the-top, gluttonous fare.

According to Heart Attack Grill owner Jon Basso, though, death has been good for his restaurant's business. We went to eat there and tried the 19,900-calorie Octuple Bypass Burger. Following is a transcript of the video.

Will Wei: I'm standing in front of the Heart Attack Grill where death is good for business, according to its owner.

Jon Basso: Death equals business at the Heart Attack Grill. Will it please me if other spokesmen die in the future? Absolutely.



Will Wei: I'm going to go inside and see what it's like. The gimmick of the Heart Attack Grill, if you haven't already noticed, is that it's a hospital-themed restaurant with a twist.

The waitresses dress up in tight nurse outfits; customers are required to put on hospital gowns to get in; and the food is unapologetically awful for you.

How many pounds is this?

Waitress: Four pounds.



Will Wei: Ok. I'm going to go with the Octuple Bypass Burger. So, I can add 40 bacon slices to it.

Waitress: Do you want bacon, chili, tomato, onion, lettuce cheese on it?

Will Wei: Yeah, you know what? Let's get everything. And the Flat Liner fries and the wine with the IV bag and pole.

Waitress: Do you want merlot or chardonnay?

Wei: I don't know. Does it really matter at this point?

Waitress: Not really. Alright are you ready for some surgery? I'm really excited to spank you.

Wei: Oh, and if you don't finish your food, you'll get a spanking from your waitress. It's company policy, apparently.



Waitress: Ok, you ready? This is the merlot.



Wei: What year? Do you know?

Waitress: Hahaha, no.

Wei: Alright, here's the wine.

Waitress bring out the burger.

There it is.

Waitress: It comes with 8 patties. Four pounds of beef. There's 40 pieces of bacon on there; chili, tomato, and cheese. So, good luck to you!



Wei: The Octuple Bypass Burger. Oh my god. Can you actually pick this up? Here I go. I don't know where to start. Here we go. How many calories is this, do you know?

Waitress 2: Nineteen thousand, nine hundreds, and something. It's enough for about 10 days.

Wei: Alright, I feel good about myself. I have people literally staring at me through the window wondering what the hell is that guy eating.

I've eaten a lot of weird things in my life. I've eaten the McGang Bang, the Monster Mac, the Land, Sea, and Air burger. But none of that compares to this. This burger has enough calories to last a normal human being for 10 days. There's no way I'm going to finish this, and I really don't want a spanking so what I'm going to do is take some cash out of my wallet, put it down here, and I'm going to sneak out of here.

EDITOR'S NOTE: This video was originally published on January 20, 2015.http://www.businessinsider.com/tips-saving-spending-holiday-shopping-2017-1111 psychological tricks to save more and spend less during Black FridayBetween decorations, holiday feasts, gifts for your family and friends, and Secret Santa exchanges at the office, it's easy to blow through your paycheck during the holiday season. It doesn't help that most supermarkets and department stores trick you into spending more. But you can play that game, too. To help keep more cash in your wallet this holiday season, we rounded up 11 simple strategies to help you spend less and save more. View As: One Page Slides

Master the '10-second' rule. "Whenever you're in a store and you pick up an item, hold it for ten seconds," writes founder of The Simple Dollar Trent Hamm, in his book, "365 Ways to Live Cheap." "During those ten seconds, ask yourself if you really need it and also if that money wouldn't be better used somewhere else. You'll almost always find yourself putting that unnecessary item back on the shelf and walking away, quite proud that you didn't waste your money on something so unnecessary." Put this strategy to test when you're shopping for stocking stuffers — it's easy to get carried away with small, relatively inexpensive presents, but a bunch of little purchases can add up over the course of the gift-giving season.

Practice the 'stranger test.' Another quick and easy in-store trick: When deciding whether or not to make a purchase, imagine a stranger offering your would-be purchase in one hand and the cash it would take to buy it in the other. If you'd rather accept the cash, you might as well keep that money in your pocket.

Procrastinate on non-essential purchases. There are times when procrastinating does have value. When it comes to discretionary spending, A. Noonan Moose from Frugal Fringe recommends putting off your purchase to give yourself time to find better prices and make better decisions. We highlighted a few of our favorite examples here. This strategy translates well to buying gifts online: If you're deciding between a few choices, put all of them in your cart, and leave them for a few days without checking out (as long as you'll still have time for delivery before they're needed). In that time, an item might go out of stock and make your choice for you, you might be offered a retailer coupon by email, or the price might drop.

Go cash-only. Research shows that people spend significantly more when using credit cards instead of cash. So if you're looking to curb your spending, try bringing only cash to the store. Simply leave the plastic at home, determine how much money to withdraw for your holiday gifts, and buy things only with the cash you allocated for yourself. When it runs out, you're out of funds. Bonus: If you're going cash-only, seek out the newest, crispest bills from your bank. Research shows that people prefer new cash to dirty, wilted bills, and are more likely to spend, and part with, the old ones.

Cover your credit card to create a mental — and physical — barrier. If leaving the plastic at home simply is not a possibility, there's another option for you that just requires a bit of crafting: Particularly if you're prone to impulse spending on your credit card, Lifehacker recommends creating a simple paper sleeve for your card. Not only does it give you another mental step to climb before you can spend — and another chance to second-guess yourself and put on the brakes — but on the sleeve, you can paste or draw a picture of your savings goals to keep them top of mind, or pen a warning to yourself: "Not for self-gifting!"

Break down the monetary value of your hour. Reddit user Koketa13 recommends converting dollars to hours. "If you make $10 an hour, then that cup of coffee isn't just $2, it's 12 minutes of your life," he says. "For me, this helped put a lot of things into perspective and cut down on impulse purchases." How many minutes are you spending on wrapping paper?

Never spend loose change. Make it a hard-and-fast mental rule, suggests Anna from the blog And Then We Saved, and instead consolidate those unspent coins every night until you have a small pile of savings to bring to the bank. If you're spending cash during the holiday season, this is the time to start gathering up every extra cent. And even if you don't use cash, Anna writes, "some banks will round your purchases to the nearest dollar and deposit that money into a savings account. If your bank doesn't offer that service, you can easily add up the change on your purchases and move that change to a separate account. Doing the math yourself is a little less magical, but it works."

Shop alone. "Unless you're shopping specifically to split purchases with a friend, try to shop alone," recommends Hamm in "365 Ways to Live Cheap." The more people you bring along, the easier it becomes to impulse buy, he writes: "There are many more opportunities for impulsiveness with multiple people than there is with one person. A single person equipped with a planned shopping list has the least chance to slip an impulsive purchase into the cart, so go alone to save some money in the checkout aisle."

Take fewer shopping trips. The more time you spend spend shopping, the more you'll spend. In addition to taking fewer trips to the store, limit the number of stores you go into. What tends to happen is we become more invested as we put more time into shopping — and that time investment makes us feel like we have to buy something. Before heading out to holiday shop, make a list detailing exactly what you intend to buy and what stores have those products — and then stick to your list. If you have a hard time limiting your time spent shopping, set a timer when you walk in the door, Hamm suggests: "Set a time goal when you need to check out and leave the store. This will reduce the opportunities you have to be distracted by impulsive buys and keep you focused on the items you're intending to purchase."

Try 'taxing' yourself. Fredrick Petrie, author of "The End of Work: Financial Planning for People With Better Things To Do," recommends "taxing" yourself in order to get more money out of your wallet and into the bank — this way you'll make savings a priority from the get-go, rather than budgeting everything else first and then seeing what is left over for savings. "Make yourself your own mini-IRS," Petrie tells Main Street. "You are more likely to put it aside if you are forced to as a tax. Put 10 cents of every dollar that comes into your hands somewhere where you are less likely to spend it. Successful saving first requires 'psyching yourself out.'" To make sure you're still able to pay yourself first over the more expensive holiday season, it's important to prepare for these expenses throughout the year. If you know gifts will cost you about $500, start setting aside $42 each month in January so you're fully prepared come December. If you didn't think ahead this year, make it a 2018 resolution.http://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/the-core-banking-system-overhauls-report-2017-6-1009265985THE CORE BANKING SYSTEM OVERHAULS REPORT: Why they're necessary, why most fail, and how to make them work (JPM, BAC, WFC, C)BI Intelligence

This is a preview of a research report from BI Intelligence, Business Insider's premium research service. Click here to learn more.

In an increasingly digital economy, banks are becoming more dependent on efficient data processing to improve customer service and products, and ensure regulatory compliance. But legacy core software systems, implemented decades ago, are letting banks down, and replacing old systems, or "overhauls," is becoming increasingly necessary.

But these software layers are extensive, complex, and foundational, making them costly and notoriously hard to replace. This is deterring most banks from even trying.

However, this is a mistake — banks have to familiarize themselves with the pitfalls and responsibilities system overhauls entail, and use this knowledge to ensure their undertakings stay on track. If this is done, the long-term benefits of a system overhaul will far outweigh its short-term risks.

A new report from BI Intelligence, Business Insider's premium research service, looks at the flaws inherent in current core systems, how new generation cores improve on these problems, the steps and players involved in overhauling a core system, and the risks banks should be aware of when undertaking such projects.

Here are some of the key takeaways:

Core software systems, which operations for each bank product and division feed into, are extensive, complex, and foundational. This makes overhauls notoriously difficult and expensive.

But old systems have become so outdated that they're unable to make the most of an increasingly valuable resource: data. This is hurting banks, and making overhauls of these systems essential.

New cores are designed to help banks make the most of their data to improve customer service by gaining behavioral insights; and by reducing internal costs by saving on expensive compliance checks.

Banks can't overhaul their systems without help. They need to call in consultants, systems integrators, system hosts, and software providers for such massive projects to succeed and deliver tangible results.

Overhauls are undoubtedly risky, but banks stand to lose more by not even attempting them. If they take the most common risks into account and plan ahead, they stand to gain long-term benefits.

In full, the report:

Looks at how legacy systems' structure, and how it makes effective data handling impossible.

Explains how new generation core systems are optimized to help banks make the most of their data.

Gives an overview of how banks should go about moving their organizations to new core systems.

Discusses the most common risks of overhauls, and how to avoid them to reap the benefits.

To get a preview of the full report, click here.http://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/r-brazil-court-upholds-bankruptcy-protection-for-grains-trader-seara-2017-11-1009265972Brazil court upholds bankruptcy protection for grains trader Seara (BG)By Marcelo Teixeira

SAO PAULO, Nov 23 (Reuters) - A Brazilian judge has decided to uphold bankruptcy protection for Seara Industria & Comércio de Produtos Agropecuários Ltda, a soy and corn trader whose largest creditor is U.S. agriculture cooperative CHS Inc , Seara said on Thursday.

In July, an appeals judge had granted a motion to halt the case while forensic accountants investigated creditors' allegations that the company had falsified financial statements.

Seara was among the 10 biggest commodities traders in Brazil when it filed for bankruptcy protection in April to restructure 2.1 billion reais ($652.17 million) in debt.

The firm owes $218 million to CHS. The local unit of Dutch lender Rabobank, Switzerland's Credit Suisse Group AG and commodities trader Bunge Ltd's Brazilian subsidiary Bunge Alimentos SA are also among its creditors.

The troubled trader said in a statement that it will soon present a recovery plan to the court overseeing the case.

In September, Reuters exclusively reported that Seara had offered logistics assets to creditors in a bid to settle the debts.

The distressed company, which is based in the southern Paraná state, owns a soy processing plant, warehouses, three logistics terminals and a port terminal in Paranaguá, Brazil's second largest grain exporting port.

The terminals are considered valuable because they allow for grain shipments by rail from Mato Grosso to Paranaguá. Creditors would take stakes in the assets and have rights to move commodities through the system.

A source who is closely following the case told Reuters on Thursday that negotiations to that end continue, but there is no clear sign yet of a likely outcome.

($1 = 3.2200 reais) (Reporting by Marcelo Teixeira Editing by Marguerita Choy)http://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/Media-Advisory-Ontario-Association-of-Food-Banks-OAFB-to-release-its-annual-Hunger-Report-on-November-27th-including-new-data-on-hunger-and-food-bank-use-in-Ontario-1009265981Media Advisory: Ontario Association of Food Banks (OAFB) to release its annual Hunger Report on November 27th – including new data on hunger and food bank use in OntarioTORONTO, Nov. 23, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The Ontario Association of Food Banks will release the findings of its 2017 Hunger Report on Monday, November 27th, 2017. This year’s report discusses food bank use over the last year, and how the current cost of housing and insufficient social assistance are impacting hunger in Ontario.



Embargoed copies of the 2017 Hunger Report will be available to journalists in advance.

To request an embargoed copy, please email: amanda@oafb.ca indicating that you accept the embargo conditions.

About the OAFB Hunger Report:

The Hunger Report is the only comprehensive, province-wide report on hunger and food bank use in Ontario. The report highlights the factors driving the continued need for food banks in the province.

The 2017 Hunger Report is available to news media only under an embargo that will end at 12:01am Eastern Time, November 27th, 2017.

The Ontario Association of Food Banks is the province’s leading provider of emergency food support to frontline hunger-relief agencies and the leader in province-wide hunger research. The Ontario Association of Food Banks includes 128 direct member food banks and over 1,100 affiliate hunger-relief agencies, inclusive of: breakfast clubs, community food centres, community kitchens, emergency shelters, and seniors centres. To learn more, please visit: www.oafb.ca

Media Contact:

Amanda King, Ontario Association of Food Banks

416-656-4100 x2932, amanda@oafb.cahttp://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/Cell-Line-Characterization-Services-Market-2017-2027-Current-Market-Landscape-and-Future-Outlook-of-Testing-and-or-Authentication-Services-1009265976Cell Line Characterization Services Market, 2017-2027 - Current Market Landscape and Future Outlook of Testing and/or Authentication ServicesDUBLIN, November 23, 2017 /PRNewswire/ --

The "Cell Line Characterization Services Market, 2017-2027" report has been added to Research and Markets' offering.

The Cell Line Characterization Services Market, 2017-2027' report features a comprehensive view on the current market landscape and future outlook of testing and/or authentication services for the characterization of cell lines. The report provides information on organizations that offer contract services for the characterization of cell lines.

Cross contamination and cell line misidentification are some of the major concerns associated with the use of cell lines. According to published literature, cell lines used for scientific experiments are either misidentified or contaminated in approximately 15-25% cases. The use of such cell lines yields unreliable and irreproducible results, and leads to significant delays in research time lines and financial losses. The detrimental impact of using incorrect/misidentified cell lines poses a significant burden on the global healthcare budget

It has been estimated that a net loss of USD 28 billion is incurred every year on research that cannot be replicated due to the involvement of misidentified or contaminated cell lines in the US. Therefore, it is crucial to properly identify and authenticate cell lines used for research, both at the start of a project, as well as during the course of the study. To carry out cell line characterization, factors such as source of cell lines, their development history and the biological properties of cells determine the analytical tests required for characterization.



It is also worth highlighting that several regulatory authorities and scientific communities have undertaken different initiatives to spread awareness on the importance of cell line characterization. Various rules and standards have also been formulated, making it mandatory to characterize cell lines while submitting applications for marketing authorization, for receipt of grants/funds, or for publishing cell-based research in leading journals.



Key Topics Covered:



1. PREFACE



2. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY



3. INTRODUCTION



Introduction to Cell Culture and Cell Lines

Cell Banks

Cell Line Characterization

Outsourcing of Cell Line Characterization Services

4. CELL LINE AUTHENTICATION



Need for Cell Line Authentication

Cell Line Authentication: Historical Timeline

Cell Line Authentication: Role of American Type Culture Collection (ATCC)

Cell Line Authentication: Role of International Cell Line Authentication Committee (ICLAC)

Cell Line Authentication: Role of Global Biological Standards Institute (GBSI)

Factors Contributing to Cell Line Misidentification

Awareness Surveys

STR Profiling Kits

Cell Line Authentication: Competitive Landscape

5. REGULATORY RECOMMENDATIONS AND GUIDELINES



Guidelines Issued by International Regulatory Agencies

Regulatory Guidelines for Cell Line Characterization in the US

Regulatory Guidelines for Cell Line Characterization in Europe

Regulatory Guidelines for Cell Line Characterization in Japan

6. COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE



Cell Line Characterization Service Providers: Market Landscape (Industry Players)

Cell Line Characterization Service Providers: Market Landscape (Non-Industry Players)

Cell Line Characterization Service Providers: Most Prominent Hubs

7. BIOREPOSITORIES



American Type Culture Collection

Coriell Institute for Medical Research

European Collection of Authenticated Cell Cultures

DSMZ

8. COMPANY PROFILES



BioReliance (a Part of SAFC Commercial)

Charles River Laboratories (CRL)

Cell Line Genetics

Eurofins Scientific

Molecular Diagnostic Services

SGS

Avance Biosciences

Biomeva (Acquired by AGC)

Creative Bioarray

Livogen Pharmed

MTI-GlobalStem (a Part of Thermo Fisher Scientific)

TFBS Bioscience

Waisman Biomanufacturing

WuXi AppTec

Other Players

9. MARKET OPPORTUNITY AND SIZING



Forecast Methodology

Input Data Tables and Assumptions

Cell Line Characterization Services Market Outlook, 2017-2027

10. KEY INSIGHTS



Cell Line Characterization Service Providers: Regional Analysis

Cell Line Characterization Service Providers: Heat Map Analysis (Industry Players)

Cell Line Characterization Services: Spin Wheel Analysis (Industry Players)

11. CONCLUSION



Mishandling and Cross Contamination are the Root Causes of Cell Line Misidentification

Several Initiatives have been Launched by Various Organizations to Overcome such Challenges Associated with Cell Line Related R&D

Most Service Providers in this Domain Offer Services for the Characterization of Mammalian Cell Lines

STR Profiling is Considered to be the Current Gold Standard for Authentication of Cell Lines

Several Contract Service Providers have Added Significant Value Within this Market by Providing High-Quality Cell Line Characterization and Authentication Solutions

The Market Landscape Features a Mix of Both Industry and Non-Industry Players; the US and Europe are the Most Active Regional Hubs

are the Most Active Regional Hubs Fostered by the Increased Demand for Cell Lines in Life Science Research, the Market is Likely to Witness Steady Growth in the Coming Decade

12. INTERVIEW TRANSCRIPTS



Fan Chen , Vice President BioProcessing, LakePharma

, Vice President BioProcessing, LakePharma Michael Pointek , Managing Director, ARTES Biotechnology

, Managing Director, Nienke Smits , Business Development, ModiQuest

, Business Development, ModiQuest Oscar Hoogteijling, Business Development Manager, Bioceros

13. APPENDIX 1: TABULATED DATA



14. APPENDIX 2: LIST OF COMPANIES AND ORGANIZATIONS

AbbVie

ABS

Acambis

Accelero Bioanalytics

Actlabs

Affymetrix

Agilent Technologies

Agilux Laboratories

Alphora Research

Ambry Genetics

American National Standards Institute

American Type Culture Collection

Amgen

Applied Biological Materials (abm)

Applied Genetics Laboratories

Applied Genomics Technology Center (AGTC), Wayne State University

Applied StemCell (ASC)

ARTES Biotechnology

Australian Genome Research Facility

Avance Biosciences

BaseClear

BEX

Bioceros

BioCrystal

BIO-ENGINEERING

Biogen

BioMaxLab

Biomay

Biomedical Core Facility, Rappaport Faculty of Medicine, Technion Israel Institute of Technology

BIOMEVA

Bionique Testing Laboratories

BioOutsource (now part of Sartorius Stedim Biotech Group)

Biopolymer/Genomics Core Facility, University of Maryland

Biopremier

BioReliance

Bio-Synthesis

Biovian

Blue Stream Laboratories

Cancer Research UK Cambridge Institute (CRUK CI)

Cedars Sinai

Cell Culture

Cell Culture and Cytogenetics Facility, University of Pittsburgh

Cell Guidance Systems

Cell Line Genetics

Cellaria

CellBank Australia

Cellonex

Celsis International

Center for Genetic Medicine (CGM), Northwestern Medicine

Center for Genomic Medicine, National Cheng Kung University

Central Illinois Grain Inspection

Characterized Cell Line Core Facility, MD Anderson Cancer Center, The University of Texas

Charles River Laboratories

Clean Cells

CLS Cell Line Service

Coriell Institute for Medical Research

Cosmo Genetech

Covance

Creative Bioarray (a division of Creative Dynamics)

Cybrdi

Cytogenetics Research Core Laboratory, OHSU

DDC Medical (a division of DNA Diagnostics Center)

Department of Immunology, Genetics and Pathology, Uppsala University

Department of Molecular & Cell Biology (MCB), University of California

Department of Molecular Medicine (MOMA), Aarhus University Hospital

Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, University of Wisconsin School of Medicine and Public Health

and Public Health DiagCor Bioscience

Diagnostic Cytogenetics

DNA Analysis Facility on Science Hill, Yale University

DNA Core Facility, University of Missouri

DNA Data Bank of Japan

DNA Forensics Laboratory

DNA Sequencing Core Facility, University of Utah

DNA Sequencing Facility, Perelman School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania

DNA Sequencing Facility, The University of Manchester

DNA True Test

Drug Screening Rendered

Duke Clinical and Translational Science Institute, Duke University

Eli Lilly

Endeavour DNA

EuBiologics

Eurofins Genomics

Eurofins Lancaster Laboratories

Eurofins Sinensis

European Directorate for the Quality of Medicines and HealthCare (EDQM)

European Medicines Agency

European Molecular Biology Laboratory

Friedrich-Loeffler-Institute

Garvan Institute of Medical Research

Gates Center for Regenerative Medicine, University of Colorado

Genentech

GENERI BIOTECH

Genetic Resources Core Facility (GRCF), Johns Hopkins School of Medicine , Institute of Genetic Medicine

, Institute of Genetic Medicine Genetica DNA Laboratories

Genomics Core Laboratory (GCL), Augusta University

Genomics Core, Sanford Burnham Preby Medical Discovery Institute

GenoSeq, UCLA Genotyping and Sequencing Core

German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ)

German Collection of Microorganisms and Cell Cultures (DSMZ)

GlaxoSmithKline (GSK)

Global Biological Standards Institute (GBSI)

Harrison Research Laboratories

Hy Laboratories

IDEXX BioResearch

ILC Micro-Chem

Illumina

IndoBiotek Services

Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM)

Institute of Health and Biomedical Innovation, Genomics Research Facility, Queensland University of Technology

of Technology Integrated Systems Engineering

Interdisciplinary Center for Biotechnology Research (ICBR), University of Florida

International Cell Line Authentication Committee (ICLAC)

Janssen Biotech

KaryoLogic

Laboratoire LCA

LakePharma

Laragen

LGC Standards

Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine, University of Hong Kong ,

, Life Technologies

Livogen pharmed

Lonza

MABION

MaxCyte

Merck

Microbiology & Quality Associates

Microsynth

Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare (MHRW)

ModiQuest

Molecular Biology Service Center, University of Colorado

Molecular Cloning Laboratories (MCLAB)

Molecular Cytogenetics Facility, MD Anderson Cancer Center, The University of Texas

Molecular Diagnostic Services

Monash Health Translation Precinct (MHTP) Medical Genomics Facility

Moredun Scientific

MTI-GlobalStem

Multiplexion

National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI)

National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST)

National Institutes of Health (NIH)

NorthGene

Novartis

Octapharma

Oncotest

Oxford Genetics

Pharmaceutical and Food Safety Bureau (PFSB)

Pharmaceuticals Medical Devices Agency (PMDA)

ProBioGen

Promega

Protein Expression Laboratory, Frederick National Laboratory for Cancer Research

Protein Sciences

Protein Technologies

Public Health England (PHE)

QED Bioscience

qGenomics

R M Nardone Associates

Research Technology Support Facility (RTSF) Genomics Core, Michigan State University

Richter-Helm BioLogics

RIKEN

Rockland Immunochemicals

Roswell Park Cancer Institute

RUCDR Infinite Biologics

Sanofi Pasteur

SCIEX

Sealy Center for Molecular Medicine, University of Texas Medical Branch

Medical Branch Seqirus

SGS

Shannon McCormack Molecular Diagnostics Laboratory, Dana Farber Cancer Institute

Shire

Sigma- Aldrich

Source BioScience

Stem Cell and Transgenic Core Facility, College of Veterinary Medicine, Cornell University

Stem Cell Core Facility, Institute of Molecular Biotechnology (IMBA), Austrian Academy of Sciences

Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma

Texcell

TFBS Bioscience

The Centre for Applied Genomics (TCAG), Genetic Analysis Facility, The Hospital for Sick Children

for Applied Genomics (TCAG), Genetic Analysis Facility, The Hospital for Sick Children The Institute for Forensic Genetics (IFG)

The University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center

The Westmead Institute for Medical Research

Thermo Fisher Scientific

Tissue Culture Core facility, University of Texas Medical Branch (UTMB)

Medical Branch (UTMB) Tissue Solutions

Unit of High Technology (UAT), Vall d'Hebron Research Institute (VHIR)

University of Arizona Genetics Core

Genetics Core University of Leicester

University of Sussex

University of Vermont Cancer Center

Cancer Center University of Washington

USC Norris Comprehensive Cancer Center

Norris Comprehensive Cancer Center Valneva

Vista Biologicals

Vitrology

Waisman Biomanufacturing

Washington University Institute of Clinical and Translational Sciences (ICTS)

Institute of Clinical and Translational Sciences (ICTS) Whittaker Corporation

WiCell Research Institute

WIL Research

World Health Organization (WHO)

WuXi AppTec

WuXi Biologics

For more information about this report visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/crhsnd/cell_line





Media Contact:

Laura Wood, Senior Manager

rel="nofollow">press@researchandmarkets.com



For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470

For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630

For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900



U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907

Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716



View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cell-line-characterization-services-market-2017-2027---current-market-landscape-and-future-outlook-of-testing-andor-authentication-services-300561432.html

SOURCE Research and Marketshttp://www.businessinsider.com/trump-bizarrely-responds-article-criticising-racism-towards-lavar-ball-blacks-2017-11Trump bizarrely responds to article suggesting he criticizes black people for racist reasonsP resident Donald Trump bizarrely responded to a tweet suggesting he speaks ill of prominent black people to capitalize on racism among his base.

Trump responded by tweeting "MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN."

Moments later, Trump tweeted the same thing but not in response, so perhaps his response to the provocative article was an error.





President Donald Trump offered a bizarre but familiar response to an article on the Washington Post's liberal-leaning "Plum Line" blog that suggested he criticized prominent black people to play on a racist sentiment among his base.

Responding to Greg Sargent's tweet that said "Trump regularly attacks high-profile African Americans to feed his supporters' belief that the system is rigged for minorities," Trump replied: "MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN."

The exchange on Thanksgiving morning came after Trump attacked LaVar Ball, the father of LiAngelo Ball, one of the UCLA freshmen released from being detained in China after Trump's meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping, on Twitter.

Trump called Ball an "ungrateful fool" and compared him to a "poor man's version of Don King," after Ball refused to thank Trump for his role in getting his son and the other players freed from China, where they had admitted to shoplifting from several stores.

The article by Sargent linked this to other attacks Trump has made on well-known black people in sports and politics, calling it a "gratuitously ugly pattern."

Sargent's article ends by suggesting Trump engages in a "pattern of race-baiting" that "might be designed to resonate with" his supporters.

Trump has, throughout his career, attacked dozens of politicians, media personalities, and sports stars of all races, but his response was bizarre because moments later he tweeted the exact same thing but not in response to the article.

Trump has erroneously tweeted things many times before. In late October, he wished a happy birthday to Lee Greenwood, the singer who wrote "God Bless the USA," but tagged the wrong Lee Greenwood on Twitter, instead tagging someone who had appeared to protest Trump's immigration ban.http://www.businessinsider.com/3-ways-to-be-incredibly-happy-in-retirement-2017-113 ways to be incredibly happy in retirement — from people who've already retiredThe happiest retirees live life to the fullest by traveling, dining out, and spending money on things they've always wanted.

Relationship happiness has the biggest impact on retirement contentment.

A third of retirees say that health problems are their biggest interference.

"Happiness," it's been said, "is like a butterfly. The more you chase it, the more it will evade you." In other words, by actively pursuing a happy state, you reduce your chances of achieving it.

That may be true from a philosophical standpoint, but when it comes to retirement planning, new research suggests there may in fact be specific steps you can take to enjoy a more rewarding post-career life.

Researchers from The American College, Eastern New Mexico University, and Texas Tech looked at financial, lifestyle and other data on 1,526 retirees to see what makes for a more satisfying retirement.

When it comes to having a more enjoyable retirement, the experiences of older Americans shows that there are three main ways you may be able to tilt the odds in your favor.

1. Spend more money on having fun.

When the researchers examined how retirees spend their money — on everything from cars and housing-related items to food and insurance — they found that spending in only one category tended to predict retirement satisfaction: leisure, or "experiential commodities" as they say, which includes such activities as dining out, travel, entertainment, and hobbies.

It's hardly shocking that splurging on dinner at a nice restaurant will leave you feeling more warm and fuzzy inside than forking over the same sum to have your car's oil changed and the tires balanced and rotated.

But don't put the bump in satisfaction down to mere hedonism.

Rather, it's because shelling out dough for leisure activities — or what one of the study's co-author's, The American College's Michael Finke described to me as as "social spending" — takes us outside of ourselves and keep us more engaged with the world.

You don't want to overdo it, though, and have an initially blissful retirement devolve into a survival test in your dotage because you spent too freely on leisure pursuits early on.

But to the extent you have discretionary funds built into your retirement budget, don't be afraid to target them to activities that give you the biggest happiness bang for your buck.

2. Nurture your personal relationships.

How close you feel to family and friends can also affect how much you enjoy retirement. For example, the researchers found that when it comes to relationships, how well you and your spouse get along had the biggest impact — even larger than that of leisure spending — with retirees who described their relations with their spouse as being very or quite close likely to experience higher levels of life satisfaction than those with a poor spousal relationship.

This stands to reason. After all, if you're married, your spouse is the person you're probably going to be spending the most time with. And if that relationship is sour, it will likely be harder for you to truly savor other aspects of retirement.

Surprisingly, the researchers found "no evidence to support children contributing to retirees life satisfaction," although having close relationships with friends and, to a lesser extent, other family members does.

I have to admit I did a double-take on this assertion about children, as it seems inconsistent with the importance most parents place on their relationships with their kids.

But the issue here isn't how much we love or value our offspring, but whose company is likely to provide us with the most enjoyment in retirement. "And it appears that the people we get the most satisfaction from spending time with," says Finke, "may not be our children, but the friends with whom we have more in common and share similar interests."

In any case, relationships, not to mention physical intimacy, can play a major role in how much you enjoy life after work. So as you near and enter retirement, you'll want to be sure to evaluate your relationships with the people who matter to you and try to sustain and improve those relationships (and if possible cultivate new ones) as you age.

3. Do all you can to maintain your health.

You can also improve your shot at a happy retirement by staying healthy. Indeed, retirees who reported they were in good, very good, or excellent health were more likely to feel satisfied with their retirement than those with poor or even fair health. What's more, health status was even more likely to lead to retirement satisfaction than good relationships or leisure spending.

Other research bears out just how much good health is linked to retirement happiness. According to a recent Nationwide Retirement Institute survey, a third of recent retirees say that health problems are interfering with their retirement.

Of course, you don't have absolute control over your health. But there are a number of things you can do to reduce the chance that an illness or other physical problems will cast a pall on your post-career life, including staying active and exercising regularly, getting regular checkups, and receiving proper treatment for any ongoing health issues.

Aside from enhancing your enjoyment of retirement in general, looking after your physical well-being may also help you feel more financially secure by possibly lowering the amount of money you'll have to shell out for health care, which is one of retirees' largest expenses.

There are other ways aside from those mentioned in this paper that may also be able to help you can improve your prospects for a more satisfying retirement. For example, a 2015 Merrill Lynch report found that seniors who give back in some way, such as by volunteering, were more likely to say they were happy and had a strong sense of purpose in their lives.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/australia-dollar-weakness-yield-spreads-narrowing-2017-11The Australian dollar continues to sinkPhoto: Peter Macdiarmid/ Getty Images.

The Australian dollar continues to sink, falling to a fresh multi-month low against the US dollar on Monday.

Here’s the scoreboard as at 7.50am AEDT.

AUD/USD 0.7549 , -0.0016 , -0.21%

AUD/JPY 85.01 , 0.26 , 0.31%

AUD/CNH 5.0174 , -0.0009 , -0.02%

AUD/EUR 0.6433 , 0.002 , 0.31%

AUD/GBP 0.5703 , -0.0021 , -0.37%

AUD/NZD 1.1085 , -0.0006 , -0.05%

AUD/CAD 0.9662 , 0.0008 , 0.08%

After closing last week at .7565, the AUD/USD briefly rose to as high as .7573 in European trade before coming under pressure later in the session, undermined by weakness in commodity prices and a lift in US bond yields which acted to boost the US dollar.

Rodrigo Catril, currency strategist at the National Australia Bank, said the greenback was also supported by renewed political uncertainty in Germany.

“While higher US Treasury yields boosted the USD, the greenback also benefited from EUR weakness amid political disarray in Germany,” he says. “Yesterday EUR dropped 70 pips to 1.1722 after Merkel declared the Jamaican coalition discussions had failed.”

That, along with a further narrowing in the yield spread between short-dated Australian and US bonds, saw the AUD/USD fall to as low as .7544, the weakest level since June 23.

AUD/USD 4-Hour Chart

Turning to the session ahead, there’s plenty of risk events for traders to navigate with the Reserve Bank of Australia (RBA) set to release the minutes of its November monetary policy meeting at 11.30am AEDT.

Ensuring that the RBA will remain an area of focus today, Governor Philip Lowe will deliver a speech to the Australian Business Economists (ABE) Annual Dinner in Sydney entitled “Some Evolving Questions” at 8.05pm AEDT.

Michele Bullock, Assistant RBA Governor is also scheduled to participate in a panel discussion at the Women in Payments Symposium in Sydney from 9.30am AEDT.

“Bearing in mind that local money markets still have a first RBA tightening priced for Q4 2018 with about an 80% probability, any suggestion from Lowe that he sees a 2018 first move as unlikely — not that we think he will — could move [the yield spread between Australian and US two-year government bonds] into negative territory,” Catril Says.

Outside of the triple-threat posed by the RBA, the economic data calendar elsewhere is fairly quiet, continuing the theme of Monday.

In Europe, markets will receive the ECB’s latest semiannual financial stability review while in the UK inflation report hearings and the latest CBI industrial trends survey will dominate proceedings.

Benoît Cœuré, ECB Executive Board member, is also scheduled to speak.

Later in the session, the Chicago Fed national activity index, existing home sales data and API crude oil inventory figures from the US will also be released.

NOW WATCH: Money & Markets videoshttps://www.businessinsider.com.au/big-sugar-heart-disease-cancer-link-went-unreported-2017-11New evidence shows the sugar industry suppressed studies linking sugar to heart disease and cancerFlickr/Coralie Ferreira

New evidence shows the sugar industry suppressed scientific research that linked sugar to heart disease and bladder cancer in rats.

The Sugar Research Foundation, the group funding the studies, cut the project short and didn’t publish the results.

Nutritionists caution that sugar, not fat, is largely to blame for many of the problems in our modern diets.

For decades, sugar lobbyists have been taking aim at studies linking sugar and cancer.

When a study last year found that mice on sugar-heavy diets were more likely to develop breast cancer, the Sugar Association, one of the biggest sugar lobbying groups in the US, called it “sensationalised.” The group insists that “no credible link between ingested sugars and cancer has been established.”

But doctors and researchers claim the sugar industry may have been intentionally keeping research about that link from getting published. A new study inthe journalPLOS Biologyreveals how the Sugar Association worked to suppress scientific findings on the harmful effects of table sugar on rodents nearly 50 years ago.

The report details the results of two unpublished studies, known as Project 259, which were funded by the sugar lobby in the late 1960s. Both involved research on the effects of feeding sugar to rats.

In the first study, one group of rats was fed a balanced diet of cereal, beans, fish and yeast, while the other rats were given a high-sugar diet. The researchers found that the sugar eaters were at greater risk for strokes, heart attacks and heart disease, and had higher-than-normal levels of fat (triglycerides) in their blood.

The second study compared sugar-fed rats with starch-fed rats and found that the sugar-eating rodents were more likely to have elevated levels of an enzyme associated with bladder cancer in humans.

None of that rodent research saw the light of day, though. The Sugar Research Foundation cut Project 259 short and didn’t publish any of the results.

“Our study contributes to a wider body of literature documenting industry manipulation of science,” the researchers, who hail from the University of California San Francisco, wrote in their report.

In a statement, the Sugar Association denied that allegation, saying the new study is just “a collection of speculations and assumptions about events that happened nearly five decades ago, conducted by a group of researchers and funded by individuals and organisations that are known critics of the sugar industry.”

“We reviewed our research archives and found documentation that the study in question ended for three reasons, none of which involved potential research findings: the study was significantly delayed; it was consequently over budget; and the delay overlapped with an organizational restructuring,” the group said.

But this is not the first time we’ve learned that ‘big sugar’ has gotten in the way of science. Last year, some of the same researchers found that the Sugar Research Foundation – the former name of the Sugar Association – paid off three Harvard scientistsin 1967to make sugar seem less unhealthy and suggest that fat was the problem in our diets instead.

“The kind of manipulation of research is similar to what the tobacco industry does,” study co-author Stanton Glantz said in a release.

Decades of research on sugar since Project 259 have linked sugar consumption to a glut of serious health problems, including high cholesterol, heart disease, and kidney disease, to name a few. Recent research also suggests that sugar may play a role in tumour growth, but scientists don’t think it makes cancer grow faster, and still aren’t certain whether sugar consumption has any link to cancer formation.

After years of fuelling up on high-sugar, low fat foods, consumers are finally becoming wise to the problems with sugar that were hidden for so many years. And the US Food and Drug Administration is, too – by 2021, all nutrition labels will have to include the per cent daily value of added sugars for the first time, while the “calories from fat” column will get scrubbed.

NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/amazon-australia-household-items-from-dyson-sunbeam-huawei-2017-11Amazon Australia just listed kitchen appliances, vacuum cleaners and heaters on its websiteAmazon Australia site: Dyson vacuum cleaner. (Source: screenshot)

Amazon’s Australian site has just listed household items such as kitchen appliances, vacuum cleaners and heaters from big name brands.

While the front page of Amazon.com.au is still showing, as it has for many years, as a bookshop for the US parent company, it is expected to transform into a full-scale local retail outlet any day now.

Business Insider tracked down pages of products from brands like Dyson, Sunbeam and Huawei on the Australian site on Tuesday, cataloguing items like toasters, electric blankets and smartwatches.

The accidentally published pages, which did not show prices, have now been removed from public view.

The development follows the inadvertent appearance of household items under the in-house AmazonBasics label on the local site on Monday, and HP computer products last week. All those item pages have now also been removed from public view.

Australian third party merchants pay $49.95 plus GST each month to sell on Amazon, plus 6% to 15% of each item sold.

ALSO READ: This experience reminded me why Amazon could crush Australian rivals like Kogan

After months of speculation, Business Insider confirmed in April that Amazon was starting a locally operated full retail operation in Australia. The first warehouse was then established in eastern Melbourne, with signs reminding new Australian staffers that it’s always “day one”.

Last Monday, hundreds of Australian retailers attended a seminar in Sydney where Amazon executives said both a third-party marketplace and an Amazon-sold catalogue would be ready to go from the start – although the exact launch date is still undisclosed.

Industry analysts have predicted Amazon Australia would start trading before November 24, which is a big sales day known in the US as Black Friday.

Similar to other non-book items found on the Australian site in recent days, there was no button to add the Sunbeam and Dyson products to the shopping cart, as they were all marked “currently unavailable”.

See some of the items listed below.

Amazon Australia site: Sunbeam toaster. (Source: screenshot)

Amazon Australia site: Dyson fan. (Source: screenshot)

Amazon Australia site: Sunbeam electric blanket. (Source: screenshot)

Amazon Australia site: Huawei smartwatch. (Source: screenshot)

NOW WATCH: Tech Insider videoshttps://www.businessinsider.com.au/rba-interest-rate-outlook-inflation-target-2017-10Australia's inflation report could see the RBA hike rates far sooner than many expectBalloonists take to the skies. Photo: Getty Images

Australia’s September quarter consumer price inflation (CPI) report will be released tomorrow, and it’ll undoubtedly create a few talking points.

Headline inflation is tipped to rise 0.8%, leaving the increase on a year earlier at 2.0%.

Underlying inflation, of more importance when it comes to the outlook for interest rates, is expected to grow by a smaller 0.5%, seeing the year-on-year rate tick up to 2.0%.

Should the latter occur, it will be significant, leaving inflation at the lower end of the Reserve Bank of Australia’s (RBA) annual target of 2 to 3% for the first time since late 2015.

However, while that’s what the market is looking for, individual forecasters have vastly differing views.

Some, such as Westpac, think that underlying inflation will come in well below market expectations, snuffing out any possibility of a RBA rate hike next year.

However, others such as TD Securities think that all of the risks tomorrow will be to the upside, potentially bringing forward the timing for a RBA rate hike, currently fully priced by markets for October 2018.

“Inflation continues to climb from the lows reached in mid-2016, and we expect an upbeat September quarter CPI report tomorrow,” says Annette Beacher, Chief Asia-Pacific Macro Strategist at TD.

“We look for Q3 trimmed mean to increase by 0.6% for the quarter, or 2.04% over the year, and combined with a 0.5% lift in the weighted median measure we see overall annual underlying inflation creeping up from 1.84% to 2.04%.”

Beacher says that there’s “upside risk” to her call, acknowledging that separate inflation measures — such as the Melbourne Institute’s (MI) monthly inflation gauge — point to an even larger pickup in price pressures.

Source: TD Securities

“In unrounded terms, TD is skewed to the upside, guided by upbeat monthly inflation prints,” she says, noting that the monthly trimmed mean reading from the MI has averaged 2.4% annualised over the September quarter.

“As we say each quarter, there isn’t a perfect relationship between [the MI) and more comprehensive quarterly inflation reports. However, another pickup in underlying inflation appears inevitable and monthly domestic inflation is accelerating.”

If a hotter-than-expected underlying inflation figure is released, Beacher says it could bring forward the likely timing of an RBA rate increase, especially with Australian employment growth running hot at present.

“An upside surprise towards 2.2%, combined with much stronger employment over this year, can potentially… bring forward the first hike [from the RBA].”

Should an in-line result occur, Beacher says that it would be consistent with the RBA current inflation forecasts. However, she says that the RBA would want further confirmation that underlying inflation is moving back towards its target mid-point before considering lifting interest rates.

“We suspect that the RBA wants to see inflation actually printing closer to mid-target before switching to a more hawkish tone, [likely] February 2018 at the earliest.”

TD is currently forecasting that the RBA will lift interest rate for the first time since late 2010 in May next year.

NOW WATCH: Money & Markets videoshttps://www.businessinsider.com.au/kushner-worried-about-mueller-trump-russia-investigation-2017-11'Do you think they will get the president?': Kushner reportedly worried as Russia investigation heats upPicture: Getty Images

Jared Kushner, President Donald Trump’s son-in-law and senior adviser, is said to be increasingly worried about the size and scope of the Russia investigation.

Kushner reportedly asked a friend whether the probe would become big enough to “get the president.”

The investigation has expanded to include whether Trump attempted to obstruct justice when he fired James Comey as FBI director and whether Trump had a role in crafting a misleading statement his son Donald Trump Jr. released about a meeting with a Kremlin-connected lawyer at Trump Tower in June 2016.

Kushner is a central figure in both of those events.

Jared Kushner, President Donald Trump’s senior adviser and son-in-law, is worried about the widening scope of the investigation into Russia’s interference in the 2016 US election, Vanity Fair reported on Tuesday.

As part of his investigation, the special counsel Robert Mueller is looking into whether members of the Trump campaign colluded with Moscow to tilt the election in his favour.

A grand jury in October indicted Paul Manafort, the Trump campaign chairman, and his associate Rick Gates on 12 counts – related to money laundering, financial crimes, and their work as foreign agents – stemming from Mueller’s investigation.

Vanity Fair reported that after the indictments were unsealed, Kushner asked a friend, “Do you think they will get the president?”

Mueller is also investigating whether Trump attempted to obstruct justice when he fired James Comey as FBI director in May. At the time, Comey was leading the bureau’s Russia investigation.

The White House initially saidTrump fired Comey because of his handling of the FBI’s investigation into Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server to conduct government business while she was secretary of state. Later, however, Trump told NBC’s Lester Holt that “this Russia thing” had been a factor in his decision.

He also told two high-ranking Russian officials in an Oval Office meeting that firing Comey, whom he called a “nut job,” the day before had taken “great pressure” off of him, The New York Times reported in May.

Mueller is also reportedly looking into the president’s role in drafting a misleading statement his son Donald Trump Jr. issued in response to reports in July that he met with a Kremlin-connected lawyer at Trump Tower in June 2016.

The statement had to be amended several times after it emerged that Trump Jr. took the meeting when the music publicist setting it up promised him dirt on his father’s Democratic challenger, Hillary Clinton, as “part of Russia and its government’s support for Mr. Trump.”

Kushner’s role takes center stage

Kushner, along with Manafort and Trump Jr., attended the Trump Tower meeting in June 2016, and he “pushed” for Comey’s firing,The Wall Street Journal reported.

He was also with Trump at his golf club in Bedminster, New Jersey, during a weekend in early May when Trump put together a draft letter laying out all the reasons he wanted to fire Comey. Though it was never sent – the White House counsel Don McGahn strongly advised against sending it – Trump fired Comey days later. The letter is now in Mueller’s possession.

Concerns about the Russia investigation and Kushner are not one-sided. Citing two Republicans who spoke with Trump recently, Vanity Fair reported that Trump was “frustrated” with Kushner’s advice, including his pushing to dismiss Comey.

Trump has been “pressuring” Kushner and Ivanka Trump – the president’s daughter who’s married to Kushner – to leave Washington, DC, and return to New York to avoid negative news coverage, one source close to Kushner told Vanity Fair.

But it’s unlikely he will leave the spotlight anytime soon, particularly as he becomes an increasingly critical figure in the Russia investigation.

NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/tor-silk-road-deep-web-2013-3There's a secret internet for drug dealers, assassins, and pedophilesPhoto: Screenshot

The average person is only aware of a fraction of the Internet.There is more content out there than any conventional browser can access. These sites are termed “Deep Web” or “Undernet.” They exist outside the scope of Google, Facebook, and your RSS reader. It’s the digital equivalent of a thriving city that’s been domed over and cordoned off.



Click here to jump straight to our tour of the Deep Web >

These sites are locked down so tightly that you need a special browser to access them. It’s called the Tor browser, and it offers you an entirely new way of connecting to the Internet.

Where conventional web browsers like Chrome and Firefox make no effort to conceal your location or identity, Tor is built upon the idea of preserving anonymity as aggressively as possible.

What is Tor?

Tor, originally an acronym for “The Onion Router,” is an anonymity network designed to keep your identity and location completely secure as you browse the web. When you use the Tor browser (a free download), volunteer servers around the world route your internet traffic from server to server before finally delivering you your content. On top of this evasive routing, data is encrypted a number of times as it travels to you.

Exploring the Deep Web

Michael Bergman of BrightPlanet puts it succinctly: “Searching on the Internet today can be compared to dragging a net across the surface of the ocean. While a great deal may be caught in the net, there is still a wealth of information that is deep, and therefore, missed.”

Using the Tor browser unlocks the door to a whole weird and wild world you never would have guessed existed online. Where Google helps you find the needle, Tor lets you “explore the haystack.”

There is lots of promise in Tor’s value – people use it to protect their communications, to research sensitive topics, and to access information they might otherwise not have access to (if a country is behind a firewall, for example). By guaranteeing such a high level of anonymity, Tor lends itself well to information freedom activists, libertarians, and those who simply want to take their Internet safety to the extreme.

But with such anonymizing power made available for free, some less-than-legal (and even downright malicious) operations claim to operate successfully.

The Dark Side of the Deep Web

There are several websites claiming to offer some crazy goods and services through Tor:

Silk Road is dubbed the “Amazon.com of drugs.” Gawker published a story on the site. Through Bitcoin, a secure and anonymous digital currency that can be exchanged for real money, vendors are able to set up shop digitally and sell their wares through the U.S. Postal Service. (It’s important to note that Bitcoins are cash equivalents, so if someone rips you off you have no recourse.)

EuroArms sells and delivers weapons (without ammunition).

You can hire assassins through a service called “White Wolves.”

Child pornography is readily available through countless sites.

The Human Experiment details medical experiments performed on people against their will.

Click here to jump straight to our tour of the Deep Web >

Should we shut it down?

It depends on how you look at it. Just because the Deep Web is a place where the id tends to run wild doesn’t mean others aren’t finding legitimate and creative uses for it:

Young & Sick is a Los Angeles-based fashion, art, and music project that released its newest single, “Continuum,” via Tor earlier this week.

Originally developed for use by the Navy, Tor has plenty of military applications in how it protects communications and intelligence gathering.

WikiLeaks provides users with means to upload documents anonymously.

Despite being around since 2004, Tor’s ability to keep our online identities secret seems to only just recently be coming to public light.

NOW WATCH: Tech Insider videoshttps://www.businessinsider.com.au/net-neutrality-portugal-how-american-internet-could-look-fcc-2017-11If you want to see what online life is like without net neutrality, just look at PortugalHaves and Have Nots – coming to an ISP near you, one day. Picture: Getty Images

The US Federal Communications Commission is planning to ditch net neutrality, which requires internet providers to treat all data online equally.

A Portuguese internet provider shows what the American internet could look like if net neutrality is scrapped.

One company charges people more for additional data based on the kind of app they want to use, such as those for messaging or for video.

On Tuesday, the US Federal Communications Commission announced that it planned to vote on an order to roll back Obama-era rules governing net neutrality.

Simply put, net neutrality means that all data on the internet is treated equally. An internet service provider can’t prioritise certain companies or types of data, charge users more to access certain websites and apps, or charge businesses for preferential access.

Advocates of net neutrality argue that it ensures a level playing field for everyone on the internet. Telecoms firms, however, are largely against it because of the additional restrictions it places on them.

But with the Republican-majority FCC likely to vote on December 14 in favour of rolling back the order, what might the American internet look like without net neutrality? Just look at Portugal.

The country’s wireless carrier Meo offers a package that’s very different from those available in the US. Users pay for traditional “data” – and on top of that, they pay for additional packages based on the kind of data and apps they want to use.

MEO English translation via Google Translate.

Really into messaging? Then pay €4.99 ($US5.86) a month and get more data for apps like WhatsApp, Skype, and FaceTime. Prefer social networks like Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, Messenger, and so on? That will be another €4.99 a month.

Video apps like Netflix and YouTube are available as another add-on, while music (Spotify, SoundCloud, Google Play Music, etc.) is another, as is email and cloud (Gmail, Yahoo Mail, iCloud, etc.).

Net-neutrality advocates argue that this kind of model is dangerous because it risks creating a two-tier system that harms competition – people will just use the big-name apps included in the bundles they pay for, while upstart challengers will be left out in the cold.

For example: If you love watching videos, and Netflix is included in the video bundle but Hulu isn’t, you’re likely to try to save money by using only Netflix, making it harder for its competitors.

And without net neutrality, big-name apps could theoretically even pay telecoms firms for preferential access, offering them money – and smaller companies just couldn’t compete with that. (It’s not clear whether any of the companies named above have paid for preferential access.) An ISP could even refuse to grant access to an app at all unless they paid up.

Democratic Rep. Ro Khanna of California originally shared the Meo example on Twitter in October.

“In Portugal, with no net neutrality, internet providers are starting to split the net into packages,” he wrote. “A huge advantage for entrenched companies, but it totally ices out startups trying to get in front of people which stifles innovation. This is what’s at stake, and that’s why we have to save net neutrality.”

Technically, Portugal is bound by the European Union’s net-neutrality rules, but loopholes allow certain kinds of pricing schemes like the one outlined above.

Yonatan Zunger, a former Google employee, recently retweeted Khanna’s tweet, adding: “This isn’t even the worst part of ending net neutrality. The worst part happens when ISPs say ‘we don’t like this site’s politics,’ or ‘this site competes with us,’ and block or throttle it.”

Basically, it's a huge giveaway to companies like Comcast and AT&T, who get to charge everyone else piles of money for nothing they aren't doing now. That money comes from your business, and from every company you buy things from – which means it comes from you. — (((Yonatan Zunger))) (@yonatanzunger) November 21, 2017

NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/what-british-people-really-mean-when-they-say-things-and-what-other-people-hear-2016-12What the British really mean when they say things -- and what other people hearCheck out this brilliant anonymous chart that has been passed around for years, and then keep reading for more analysis:

This chart also appears in “The Culture Map: Breaking Through the Invisible Boundaries of Global Business,” a 2014 bestseller by INSEAD professor Erin Meyer.

Meyer explains that what’s happening can be explained by looking the evaluation spectrum, one of eight scales that explain cultural interactions:

The British are inclined toward relatively indirect negative feedback. The rest of Europe is inclined toward relatively direct negative feedback.

Similarly hilarious and/or awkward communication gaps happen any time people from different ends of those cultural scales interact with each other without being aware of their differences.

NOW WATCH: How To Respond To 8 Illegal Interview Questions



NOW WATCH: Ideas videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.gizmodo.com.au/2017/11/30-years-later-the-max-headroom-tv-hackers-remain-at-large30 Years Later, The Max Headroom TV Hackers Remain At LargeFor 25 seconds in 1987, in the middle of WGN-TV anchor Dan Roan's sportscast, thousands of Chicagoans' feeds were replaced with a low analogue whine and the eery image of a masked man nodding over and over as if in a state of mania. "If you're wondering what's happened, so am I," Roan said to his audience once WGN regained control of the signal. What he couldn't have known is that the rest of the world would still be wondering to this day.

9:14PM CST on November 22 (2:14PM AEDT on November 23) marks 30 years since one of the most unusual hacks in history: The Max Headroom signal intrusion. One of them wearing a mask of fictional AI TV host and New Coke spokesthing Max Headroom, the pranksters hijacked two stations that November evening - first WGN-TV, and two hours later an even more memorable takeover of WTTW during a broadcast of Doctor Who.

What made the second incident stand out? Besides seizing WTTW's airwaves for nearly three times as long as WGN-TV's, the hackers successfully broadcasted audio, and it was creepy enough to match the unnerving visuals.

The heavily distorted signal, repeated moans, and nauseous swaying of the background give the impression that the character is in pain, agonisingly trapped inside the rogue signal. If the effect was to craft something impenetrable and frightening, they mostly succeeded.

Undercutting the terror of a low-bitrate man with a giant head appearing in the TV unannounced are the words themselves, at least the ones that are audible. They're standard hacker snark: "Catch the wave," a snarling reference to New Coke; "Yeah, I think I'm better than [WGN sportscaster] Chuck Swirsky"; and another obtuse dig at WGN prescient, "I just made a giant masterpiece for all the greatest world newspaper nerds." (WGN stands for World's Greatest Newspaper.)

"They're coming to get me," he groans before turning around to have an accomplice spank his bare arse for about eight seconds. Then Doctor Who came back on.

At the time, WGN Engineering Directs Robert Strutzel said that such a signal intrusion "takes very sophisticated equipment to do this at a significant power level", which should have made the hackers as simple to find as HBO's "captain midnight" a few months prior. But FCC and FBI involvement at the time proved fruitless, and civilian theories have had as much success in the intervening years at determining the identity or the motive of the hackers. In that sense, those two minute of inscrutable footage remain a perfect crime.https://www.kotaku.com.au/2017/11/heres-a-good-look-at-the-new-tmnt-arcade-gameHere's A Good Look At The New TMNT Arcade GameLast month, it was announced that there was going to be a new TMNT arcade game, featuring the same kind of four-player co-op that made Konami's 1989 version an all-time classic. There wasn't any footage to go along with that announcement, sadly, but there is now.

Arcade Heroes managed to capture a ton of footage of the game in action, such as this entire level with a single player:

And this section with three players:

They also got to spend some hands-on time with the game, so you should check out their impressions here.https://www.kotaku.com.au/2017/11/i-tried-to-run-a-virtual-school-and-things-didnt-work-outI Tried To Run A Virtual School And Things Didn't Work OutAcademia: School Simulator's Steam page suggests you can make the high school of your dreams. But my school, Leo's Learning Emporium, ended up as more of a dystopian nightmare.

You can see how my school got on in the video above.

Academia: School Simulator is available now in early access on Steam.https://www.kotaku.com.au/2017/11/were-livestreaming-some-of-pax-australias-best-indie-gamesWe're Livestreaming Some Of PAX Australia's Best Indie GamesImage: Projection First Light

I love PAX, but I also have a major problem with it. There's so much stuff to see that I end up in a state of perpetual FOMO. I know I'm not the only one who feels this way, and it's even worse for people who aren't able to go.

This got me to thinking - what if we could bring a little slice of PAX to Twitch? And we're going to, with a PAX Indie Demo Reel Stream.

Indie games are always my favourite part of the show, and I would love to share some of the amazing local talent we have with all of you. So on Thursday November 23 we'll be streaming demo builds of 5 yet-to-be-released Australian games that were part of PAX Rising.

Here's what we played:

You are RUMU - a robot designed to clean, and to love. You awake in a fully automated Smart Home. Your only companions are Sabrina, the house AI and watchful guide, and the home’s dysfunctional cast of semi-intelligent devices. And Ada, the cat.

When something draws you away from your home maintenance duties and into the hidden passageways and long forgotten rooms of the house, you’ll be faced with challenging moral dilemmas forcing you beyond your programming to uncover the truth about the love and loss of your elusive family.

Projection: First Light follows the adventures of Greta, a girl living in a mythological shadow puppet world, as she embarks on a journey of self-enlightenment with the assistance of legendary heroes from each culture she explores.

Once branded a HERETIC. Now YOU have been chosen. Reclaim our sacred weapons. Take back our ancestral lands. If you can stand... AMID EVIL.

Players will experience the story of a supernatural Melbourne cafe where the dead are permitted to return for one last night to walk among the living and enjoy one last cup of coffee. Through a series of vignettes, players will experience the story from the varied viewpoints of a diverse cast of characters, and experience a supernaturally-tinged version of the local culture of Melbourne's cafe scene.https://www.kotaku.com.au/2017/11/dcs-doomsday-clock-boldly-pushes-the-watchmen-into-an-even-grimmer-more-nihilistic-futureDC's Doomsday Clock Boldly Pushes The Watchmen Into An Even Grimmer, More Nihilistic FutureThe first issue of Doomsday Clock is here, and with it a chance to explore the world Watchmen left behind - and how it will eventually tie into the wider DC Comics cosmos. While in some ways it's unsurprising that this world is even grimmer than we left it, there have still been some major changes since we last saw these characters in the original series

Image: DC Comics. Art by Gary Frank and Brad Anderson.

Written by Geoff Johns, and with art from Gary Frank and Brad Anderson, Doomsday Clock #1 opens with the twilight of America. Set just seven years after the conclusion of the landmark original graphic novel - which ended with an unsure new era of peace after Adrian Veidt, AKA Ozymandias, ravaged New York with a giant psychic monster - Doomsday Clock reveals that Veidt's sacrifice earned less than a decade's delay on World War III. With Russia invading Europe, and North Korea rattling its nuclear sabre, America stands again on a brink seen in the original Watchmen, but falls off it. News stations fall silent and a new era of American propaganda calmly tells the nation that nuclear war has begun. "The Great Lie" - Veidt's original plan - has come crashing down all around him.

The inevitably of this grim outcome feels right for the world of Watchmen, itself a story of history being doomed to repeat itself, and the sacrifices that must be made to try and break that cycle. "Nothing ever ends," as Dr Manhattan intoned to Veidt in the closing pages of Watchmen, and Doomsday Clock as a continuation of that never-ending tide of darkness feels familiar, even as it explores uncharted avenues of this world we left behind decades ago.

Intimate parallels and loving embraces of Watchmen's iconic style abound in Doomsday Clock, particularly the structure of Frank and Anderson's artwork. The pair's designs masterfully honour and then break the nine-panel page style of the original, framing characters across alternate boundaries rather than through the actual separation of frames. What makes Doomsday Clock #1 so fascinating is the subtle ways it diverges from the familiarity of Watchmen to present something new to the audience, even if it's still within the frame of Watchmen homage. This is shown mostly through the re-introduction of Rorschach, a "shocking" return - already revealed at New York Comic-Con a few months ago - after the character's literally explosive death in the climax of the original series. But as we quickly learn, this is not the return of the fallen antihero but instead a new character carrying on Rorschach's legacy.

While the world we find in Doomsday Clock feels like a logical, if depressing, continuation of the original Watchmen, the new Rorschach is very different from the original. (The biggest revelation we get is that he's African-American.) We met the original Rorschach as a skulking, silent figure investigating the Comedian's apartment. This new character enters the frame more boldly; he's rough and ready, a threatening figure stalking a prison full of inmates waiting to die in the oncoming apocalypse.

The new Rorschach's mission is to recover two supervillains, the Marionette and the Mime. The duo are homages to the Charlton Comics characters Punch and Jewlee, just like the Watchmen were extrapolations of other Charlton superheroes. They're being fetched for a mysterious benefactor, who's on a quest to "find God". If working for someone else wasn't already weird enough, this Rorschach also quickly acquiesces to the demands of the people he's been hired to extract from prison, an odd characterisation for a hero infamously known for making his last stand on the idea that there could never be compromises.

It also becomes apparent how much has changed in the Watchmen world when Rorschach's benefactor is revealed to be none other than Adrian Veidt himself. The golden conqueror is emerging from years in hiding after his horrific plans for world peace unravelled in the years between the original comic and Doomsday Clock. Instead of the aloof master planner we saw in Watchmen - evading even an omnipotent being such as Dr Manhattan - the Veidt we see here is one willing to work with others he previously saw as below him. He's also plagued by cancer, keenly aware of his failures, and now knows that the world needs Dr Manhattan now more than it ever needed Adrian Veidt.

Pushing these characters beyond the familiarity of what we knew of them in Watchmen is a promising start for what Doomsday Clock has planned, and happily, it's a better choice than simply wallowing in reverence for Alan Moore's classic graphic novel (which is what the controversial prequel project Before Watchmen did back in 2012). Not all of Johns' attempts at bringing something new to the Watchmen table are successful; there are clunky allusions to current politics, from a president that golfs while his country crumbles to Rorschach's talk of "undeplorables" in the opening narration. They don't land with the bite Johns probably intended them to, and feel like an overwrought comparison stretched a bit too far to quite work. But Doomsday Clock's strength in presenting its post-Watchmen world definitely lies in how it plays with the setting Moore, Gibbons and Higgins left behind all those years ago, rather than the moments where it vainly tries to wrap that world around our current one.

Doomsday Clock #1 also begins to lay the groundwork for the conflict that will drive the DC side of things. We know that Dr Manhattan has been been mucking about with the fabric of the DC universe since the earliest days of Rebirth; here, Superman wakes up after a nightmare - itself a rare enough phenomenon that the Man of Steel is unsettled.

The context of the nightmare is even more unsettling, since it's of the night his adoptive parents died in a car accident when he was a teenager. We already know, thanks to The Button and recent events in Action Comics, that various manipulations by Dr Manhattan have been using the spectres of lost fatherhood to prevent DC's greatest heroes, Superman and Batman, from embarking on their Earth-defending careers, to try and destabilise the established order of this universe. The nightmare seems to be a clear sign that Dr Manhattan's attempts aren't over.

The first issue of Doomsday Clock is encapsulated in a love for what made the original Watchmen so iconic and respected, but its greatest strengths are found in how it goes beyond it instead of just paying tribute to it. Just how this all plays into the wider DC world remains to be seen, but Doomsday Clock #1 sets up a story that is less of the intriguing conspiracy of the original Watchmen, and more of a climactic reckoning between two very different worlds.https://www.houzz.com/ideabooks/53537608/list/tackle-big-messes-better-with-a-sparkling-clean-dishwasherTackle Big Messes Better With a Sparkling-Clean Dishwasher9. Load dishes well. Many people don’t know how to properly load a dishwasher, unsure of what all those prongs and slots mean. Check your owner’s manual or the manufacturer’s website to see loading tips.



For one, make sure you spin the spray arms before turning on a cycle. If the arms can’t rotate because they’re getting hung up on a protruding spatula or pot handle, neither your dishes nor your machine will get adequately cleaned. “If anything goes above the handle on the silverware basket, it should be laid down instead,” Ottusch says. Secure measuring spoons and cups that can slip between racks and block the filter.



9. Check the hose on new installations. Ottusch notes that service incidents are often reported in new homes where a dishwasher hasn’t been installed correctly. Homeowners or installers may hook the machine’s drain hose to a garbage disposal without realizing there’s a knockout plug that needs to be removed first. This is a metal piece about the size of a nickel that’s easily removed with a screwdriver to allow the dishwasher to drain. If your newly installed dishwasher is backing up, this could be the culprit.

Once you’ve cleaned out your filter, place a dishwasher-safe container with one cup of white vinegar on the top rack of your empty dishwasher. Run a hot-water cycle. This should wash away grease, gunk and odors.

Next, sprinkle about a cup of baking soda on the bottom of the inside of your machine. Run a short cycle. This will keep your appliance free of stains and smelling fresh.





GE suggests using citric acid crystals for stains, but Yahnke says he’s got the best-kept secret: “People laugh at me, but nothing works as well as the powdered orange juice Tang,” which contains citric acid. He suggests filling up your machine’s detergent dish with Tang and running a cycle every three months. “It keeps the inside clean and gets rid of soap buildup,” he says.





Editor’s note: This article was updated Sept. 23 to offer more tips and information.

Many homeowners swear by white vinegar.https://www.houzz.com/product/39092010-161-005-goatskin-lounger-midcentury-armchairs-and-accent-chairs161-005 Goatskin LoungerOur Houzz specialists are ready to help!

This hair on leather and wood chair is a stunning example of organic modern design. With the matching ottoman this pair is truly a statement piece that can anchor a room. In addition to the design attributes, this piece is comfortable and a perfect piece for chic lounging. The natural materials lend this piece to transitional and modern spaces.

Handcrafted



https://www.houzz.com/photo/104960813-bold-open-plan-kitchen-installation-contemporary-kitchen-londonBold Open Plan Kitchen InstallationPeople who liked this photo also liked

Example of a mid-sized trendy galley gray floor and light wood floor eat-in kitchen design in London with flat-panel cabinets, gray cabinets, an island and stainless steel appliances — Houzzhttp://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/r-backlash-among-german-mps-against-parliamentary-twitter-ban-2017-11-1009266971Backlash among German MPs against parliamentary Twitter banBERLIN, Nov 23 (Reuters) - German lawmakers have protested after Wolfgang Schaeuble, the new president of the Bundestag, announced a ban on sending tweets from inside the parliament chamber.

In a letter published in German media on Thursday, the former finance minister told lawmakers that "using devices to photograph, tweet or send messages from the plenary chamber is inappropriate to the proceedings of the Bundestag".

German politicians are far behind other countries' in addressing voters via Twitter's short messaging service, and none comes close to U.S. President Donald Trump - but the measure has not gone unprotested.

"This is not going to be the last word on the matter," tweeted conservative lawmaker Dorothee Bär, who with more than 64,000 followers is among the biggest Twitter stars of German politics, proving her adeptness with a winking smiley and a string of hashtags.

"You can watch parliamentary sessions live, but we can't tweet from it," tweeted her liberal colleague Frank Sitta. "Would a handwritten letter from inside be ok? It makes no sense!"

It was not clear if either of those tweets had been sent from the parliament chamber.

The backlash comes after an election which heard promises to address Germany's relative slowness in adopting the latest digital technologies. Politicians fear the industrial and export titan's strength risks being undermined by more nimble digital upstarts from Silicon Valley.

During his decade at the finance ministry, Schaeuble earned a reputation for ruthlessly policing indebted euro zone states' budgets. Lawmakers chose him for his new job in the hope he would ably discipline a parliament that since September's national election is more fragmented than ever before. (Reporting by Thomas Escritt; editing by Andrew Roche)http://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/Travel-Alberta-Named-One-of-Canada-s-Most-Admired-Corporate-Cultures-1009266966Travel Alberta Named One of Canada's Most Admired Corporate CulturesCALGARY, Nov. 23, 2017 /CNW/ - Travel Alberta, the provincial marketing organization of Alberta, is today named as one of Canada's Most Admired Corporate Cultures for 2017 in the Broader Public Sector category. This prestigious national recognition, awarded by Waterstone Human Capitol, recognizes best-in-class Canadian organizational culture.

"Culture is the foundation of our success at Travel Alberta, and recognition on this level reflects the exceptional efforts of our high-performance team," said Royce Chwin, CEO, Travel Alberta. "Our team culture thrives despite a challenging economy and the ever-changing nature of the tourism sector. We have exceeded our organizational bottom line because of the intelligence, passion and dedication of our team members. I am so proud of the people at Travel Alberta for being recognized."

Driving organizational excellence is a cornerstone of Travel Alberta values, inspiring the team to deliver the best possible service and support to the Government of Alberta and to the Alberta tourism industry. To be named as one of Canada's Most Admired Corporate Cultures affirms the people mission of the organization to empower individual passion and build inspirational leadership as one team.

"At Waterstone we believe corporate culture drives performance and that it's your organization's greatest asset," said Marty Parker, President and Chief Executive Officer of Waterstone Human Capital and Chair of Canada's Most Admired™ Corporate Cultures. "What's remarkable about this dynamic list of 2017 winners is their commitment to culture as a competitive advantage. They truly set the benchmark for cultivating, and sustaining, great cultures that ultimately drive their growth and performance. The 2017 winning organizations are to be admired for the diverse and impactful ways they make sure culture underpins all that makes them successful."

About Travel Alberta

Travel Alberta is Alberta's tourism marketing agency. We showcase Alberta tourism experiences to potential travellers across Canada and the world. Travel Alberta provides marketing expertise and destination development support to Alberta-based tourism businesses, creating compelling reasons for travellers to explore Alberta.

Established as a crown corporation in 2009, Travel Alberta is mandated to promote the province as a top tourism destination, and support the Government of Alberta in the development of tourism policy, advocacy, research, visitor services and product development.

About Waterstone Human Capital:

Waterstone Human Capital is a leading retained executive search firm specializing in recruiting for fit and cultural talent management for entrepreneurial-minded, high-growth organizations across North America. The Canada's Most Admired™ Corporate Cultures and Canada's Most Admired™ CEO programs are founded and presented by Waterstone Human Capital. These national programs annually recognize best-in-class Canadian organizations, and CEOs, for fostering cultures that enhance performance and help sustain a competitive advantage.

For more information please visit WaterstoneHC.com or CanadasMostAdmired.com

About Canada's Most Admired™ Corporate Cultures:

This national program, now in its 14th year, annually recognizes best-in-class Canadian organizations for having cultures that enhance performance and help sustain a competitive advantage. Forty winners are chosen across four categories; three are based on revenue (growth, mid-market and enterprise) and one not-for-profit category (broader public sector).

Organization's submissions are scored on six categories: vision and leadership, recruitment and hiring for fit, cultural alignment and measurement, retention, rewards and recognition, organizational performance and corporate social responsibility. The Canada's Most Admired™ Corporate Cultures program creates a benchmark of success for all those who are nominated.

For more information please visit CanadasMostAdmired.com

SOURCE Travel Albertahttp://www.businessinsider.com/too-many-people-break-the-cardinal-rule-of-the-office-holiday-party-2017-11Too many people break the cardinal rule of the office holiday partyNo matter how festive the occasion, the holiday office party is still about business.

Drink in moderation to avoid embarrassing yourself in front of your boss.

Dress appropriately because it is still an office setting, and you've worked hard to create a professional image.

Make sure to check if significant others are allowed to attend office parties before you bring one.

Your company's holiday gathering is just around the corner—time to let loose and party with your co-workers after a long year, right? Wrong.

According to business etiquette expert Hilka Klinkenberg, the cardinal rule is to remember that no matter how festive the occasion, it's still about business. Don't fall off the fast track to success or risk damaging your professional reputation in one night of inadvertent blunders. Klinkenberg offers the following advice to ensure a smooth, enjoyable evening.

Eat, drink and be merry — in moderation

Where else but the office party can you find the CEO and the mailroom clerk bellied up to the bar together? But remember: Alcohol plus you and your boss can equal Monday morning's "I can't believe I said that." If you choose to drink, do so minimally.

Dress appropriately for the occasion

Klinkenberg says this rule especially applies to women who sometimes use company parties to strut their stuff. Leave anything short, tight or revealing in the closet. You've worked hard to create a professional image, and revealing clothes can alter your coworkers' and manager's perception of you as a competent professional.

Introduce yourself

Your company party may be the only time you see the president, CEO or VPs in person. This is a great opportunity to become visible to your organization's higher-ups. At the very least, don't spend the entire evening with your regular office buddies—get in the holiday spirit and mingle with people from other departments.

Find out who can come to the event

Spouses and significant others are not always on the guest list. Check beforehand to avoid a potentially uncomfortable evening.

Practice humility

If you've been a star performer in your organization, you may be honored with a toast. Accept the honor gracefully, but don't drink to yourself or clap when others are applauding you. Also, make a toast to the person who toasted you, thanking him for the recognition.

Pay attention to the time you arrive and when you leave

Even if you don't really want to attend, avoid arriving 20 minutes before the end just to make an appearance. On the flip side, don't party into the wee hours either. Coworkers and managers will notice both errors in judgment.

Be sure to thank those who coordinated the party

They likely put in a great deal of effort hoping you would have a good time. Not only is saying thank you the nice thing to do, but it also makes you stand out from the many employees who don't.

If you're in charge of planning the party, a few reminders:http://www.businessinsider.com/small-tech-gifts-under-50-dollars-201720 awesome tech stocking stuffers under $50The Insider Picks team writes about stuff we think you'll like. Business Insider has affiliate partnerships, so we get a share of the revenue from your purchase. Tech gifts don't have to cost an arm and a leg, and they can be small enough to pop into a stocking. We've rounded up our absolute favorite tech that's small enough — and cheap enough — to call a stocking stuffer. Many of these gadgets are things we own or have tested in the past, so we can confidently recommend them. The rest are highly recommended by experts and actual buyers. We also have several other tech gift buying guides you can check out, including tech under $100, tech gifts for iPhone lovers, and more. Having trouble buying gifts for everyone on your list? Check out all of our 2017 gift guides on Insider Picks. View As: One Page Slides

A key finder We all have that one family member who can literally never find their keys, wallet, or purse. Luckily, technology is here to help! The Tile Style is a cute Bluetooth gadget that will help you find anything you attach it to with a few beeps and an app. Buy the Tile Style on Amazon for $34.99

A grip for your phone If you have a big phone, you're probably familiar with the annoyance of trying to hold it and navigate the interface one-handed. PopSockets make it easier to hold your phone securely, and they can also be used as a stand to prop your phone up. Just pop it out when you need it and pop it back in when you don't. You can choose from dozens of designs on Amazon. Buy PopSockets on Amazon for $8.99 to $14.99

A gadget to help you charge more devices Most people have too many devices and too few outlets. PowerCube's outlet expander is just perfect. It turns one outlet into many without taking up too much space. Buy the PowerCube on Amazon for $13.42

A fitness tracker Fitness trackers don't have to cost hundreds of dollars. The Xiaomi Mi Band 2 is the perfect stocking stuffer for anyone who's looking to get fit. Buy the Xiaomi MiBand 2 on Amazon for $36.88

A cleaning cloth Phones get all grimy and fingerprinty, so a good cleaning cloth is key. These fun ones from Whoosh have a poop emoji on them and they clean super well without leaving any streaks behind. Buy the Whoosh Cleaning Cloths on Amazon for $14.99

A phone dock Phone docks cut wires out of the equation by keeping them spooled nicely in the background while the phone juices up. TwelveSouth makes our favorite phone dock, and we think it makes a perfect gift. You can use any cable with it, so whether your loved one has an iPhone or an Android phone, it'll work, provided you have the right cable. We tell you which cables to buy in the very next slide. Buy the TwelveSouth Phone Dock on Amazon for $39.99

A wireless charger If your loved one just got an iPhone 8, 8 Plus, or X, get them this wireless charger. If they have an Android phone that has wireless charging powers, get them this wireless charger. It's a fun, funky stand that props up any phone while it charges without wires. TYLT's charger is even in our wireless charger buying guide. Buy the TYLT Wireless Charging Stand on Amazon for $21

A MicroSD card Although fewer phones have MicroSD card slots these days, these little cards are still useful for extra storage in some mobile gaming consoles like the Nintendo Switch, certain action cameras, and many smartphones. SanDisk makes the best ones, and this MicroSD card also comes with an SD card adapter, so you can pop it in a camera or computer with a larger SD slot. Buy the 32GB SanDisk MicroSD Card With Adapter on Amazon for $13.27

A pair of $8 earbuds that sound good Who says $8 earbuds can't be any good? Certainly not us, and definitely not thousands of buyers on Amazon. Panasonic's earbuds are fun, colorful, and affordable. Plus, they sound pretty good considering. Just don't tell the giftee how cheap they are. Buy the Panasonic earbuds on Amazon for $7.49

A Chromecast Chromecasts make any TV smart, so you can stream video, photos, and more from your phone or laptop right to any TV. Just plug it in the HDMI port and hit cast in the app of your choice. It's a stellar gift for anyone with an older TV who isn't ready to spring for a smart TV. Buy the Google Chromecast from Target for $35.49

A mini drone No, you can't fit a legit 4K drone in a stocking, but you can present your drone-loving friend with this small Cheerson Mini Drone. It's small, light, and can fly circles around your cat or dog. Buy the Cheerson Mini Drone on Amazon for $16.99

A USB drive A good USB drive makes an excellent stocking stuffer — especially for school-age kids, but also for adults. This one from SanDisk is really good, which is why it's in our buying guide. Buy the 64GB SanDisk USB Drive on Amazon for $32.99

A gadget to manage your earbuds The Bluelounge Cableyoyo is an awesome little gadget. It's a small silicon circle with a slit along the entire edge and a magnet in the middle that holds the buds of your earbuds while you wrap the cord around the circle. You'll never have tangled wires again — trust me, I have one. Since it's only $10, you can buy one for everyone on your list. Buy the Bluelounge Cableyoyo on Amazon for $9.95

A lightning cable keychain The Native Union KEY Cable is a small keychain with a lightning cable for charging your phone on the go. Just plug the USB end into any computer, portable battery pack, or outlet adapter to charge. I have one of these, and it's really handy — now I always have a charger with me. Buy the Native Union KEY Cable on Amazon for $18.85https://www.businessinsider.com.au/the-10-most-important-things-in-the-world-right-now-november-23-2017-11The 10 most important things in the world right nowLONDON, ENGLAND – NOVEMBER 22: Protestors dressed as ‘Maybots’ demonstrate at the entrance of Downing Street as cabinet leave following a meeting ahead of the Chancellor’s annual budget on November 22, 2017 in London, England. (Photo: Christopher Furlong/Getty Images)

Hello! Here’s what’s happening on Thursday.

1. Zimbabwe’s new leader Emmerson Mnangagwa made his first public statements after Robert Mugabe resigned. Zimbabwe’s parliament said Mnangagwa would be sworn in as President on Friday.

2. North Korea said the US’s decision to relist it as a state sponsor of terrorism is a “serious provocation”.The designation allowed the US to impose greater sanctions.

3. UK’s Chancellor Philip Hammond announced a new budget. Announcements included a railcard for millennials and the abolition of stamp duty for most first-time homebuyers.

4. Governments around the world are launching investigations into Uber. The investigations are looking into the company’s cover up of a data breach affecting 57 million users.

5. Tesla has completed construction of the world’s largest lithium ion battery. Elon Musk made a bet that he could build the 100-megawatt project in Australia in 100 days, or it was free.

6. Saad al Hariri un-resigned as President of Lebanon.Hariri resigned earlier this month, putting Lebanon at the forefront of the regional tussle between Saudi Arabia and Iran.

7. Facebook will allow users to see if they have interacted with Russian-linked accounts. Roughly 150 million Facebook users saw posts linked to the Russian propaganda organisation Internet Research Agency.

8. Papa New Guinea police stormed a former Australian detention center housing asylum seekers and refugees.Australian officials left three weeks ago, but more than 400 men remain and are scared for their safety.

9. Palestinian rival factions Hamas and Fatah agreed to hold general elections by 2018. Hamas and Fatah signed a reconciliation deal in October after Hamas agreed to hand over administrative control of Gaza to Fatah.

10. Amazon Australia has just opened. The site soft launched to “a small number” of customers, with a full public launch expected next week.

And finally….

Here’s stunning aerial footage of Apple’s $US5 billion “spaceship” campus that just opened.

NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/how-to-politely-postpone-accepting-a-job-offer-2015-6How to politely postpone accepting a job offerShutterstock / Jack Frog Stall for time.

We recently solicited readers to submit their most pressing career-related questions.

With the help of Lynn Taylor, a national workplace expert and the author of “Tame Your Terrible Office Tyrant: How to Manage Childish Boss Behaviour and Thrive in Your Job,” we’ve answered the following: “I was offered a new job and the company is asking for my final decision, but I need more time. What should I do?”

This is a situation many people find themselves in.

“You’ve finally received that long-awaited job offer, but don’t want to jump at the opportunity — nor do you want to seem uninterested,” says Taylor.

So how do you politely stall to ultimately get what you want?

“It’s not uncommon for employers to ask for a response within 24 hours, but that doesn’t mean you must comply,” she explains. “The company may try to push you to make a decision in a short period of time, but a little push back is often expected, as daunting as that might seem with a prospective employer.”

She says even if you plan to take some time with you decision, you should always acknowledge the job offer promptly. “A general rule of thumb is that you can take two to three days for your final response,” she says. “If the employer is vague about the requested response time, you may have up to a week, but a lot depends on the circumstances.”

Most employers understand that you need time to think over the opportunity and that it’s an important decision. If they don’t and use hardball tactics, that should be a red flag — and you may have just dodged a large bullet.

Here are some steps to follow to help you bide time, but stay in the game:

Show excitement and gratitude. You can be enthusiastic and gracious without giving an immediate response, Taylor says. “Let them know that you’re very appreciative of the offer, but would like a little time to make an informed decision.”

Understand the whole picture. Are there remaining questions you must ask that will help tie up any loose ends? Have all compensation factors been addressed beyond salary, such as bonuses, medical, dental and vision coverage, vacation time, frequency of reviews, 401(k) plans, stock, a company phone, car, personal time off, training, education, and other perks? Have you evaluated the culture and things like your expected hours and commute time? By asking for more time, you have created room to get more clarification, she explains.

Plus, asking questions is a good way to stall for time.

Ask for a specific amount of time. Give a specific date: “I greatly appreciate this offer and I’m really excited about working with your company. I wonder if I could have until Wednesday to get back to you on this opportunity.” “Stay true to your deadline, or risk the offer being withdrawn,” says Taylor.

Don’t be afraid to negotiate.

Nobody wants to jeopardize a hard-won job offer at the last minute. But would you even want to work for an employer that would rescind an opportunity because you asked for a little time? “Remember that you are interviewing the company, too, and now is the time to get it right,” says Taylor.

Strategize with any other offers. If you have another offer pending, and the second job offer — let’s call it job “B” — is the preferred one, you’re best served to put some diplomatic pressure on job B. “You want to let job B know upfront that you have another offer,” Taylor advises. “This is always better than accepting the first job, and then quitting once job B comes through.”

Also, if you’re asked whether you have job offers by job A, be honest — but don’t feel compelled to give details.

Don’t burn bridges. No matter how you handle your pitch for more time, do it professionally, suggests Taylor. “The business world, your industry and market are all small. Your hiring manager can likely reappear in your career, so put your best foot forward, especially when you refuse a position.”

Formally accept or turn down the job. Never leave the employer hanging or assume they know you’re going to accept, since you once casually told the hiring manager you would take the job if you were to get it.

“When you’ve made your final decision, do it verbally, but make sure it’s in writing,” says Taylor. “You will likely be asked to sign an acceptance letter, but if you refuse the job, you should also follow up with a gracious email.”

Readers: Want us to answer your questions related to your career or job search? Tweet Careers editor Jacquelyn Smith @JacquelynVSmith or email her at jsmith[at]businessinsider[dot]com, and we’ll do our best to answer them.

NOW WATCH: 5 things you should never put on your résumé



NOW WATCH: Ideas videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/fcc-releases-final-net-neutrality-proposal-2017-11The US government proposed new rules that would let internet providers block apps and create fast lanes -- read the full planChip Somodevilla/Getty Images Ajit Pai, the chairman of the Federal Communications Commission.

The Federal Communications Commission will vote December 14 on a new rule that would roll back net-neutrality regulations adopted in 2015.

The FCC released the full text of the order on Wednesday.

It proposes allowing internet service providers to create so-called fast lanes and block apps and services, as well as giving privacy oversight to the Federal Trade Commission.

The Federal Communications Commission, led by chairman Ajit Pai, on Wednesday released the final draft of a closely watched plan to reverse a net-neutrality policy barring internet service providers from blocking or slowing down web content.

Net neutrality is the concept that all internet traffic should be treated equally, no matter what ISP is carrying it.

Pai’s proposal, named the Restoring Internet Freedom order, would reverse a 2015 ruling that classifies ISPs as utilities – opposed by ISPs and supported by net-neutrality advocates, who say such policies encourage innovation.

The main difference from the current policy in Pai’s proposed order is that broadband internet access would be classified under Title I of the Communications Act instead of under Title II – basically, ISPs would be “information services” instead of “public utilities.”

This seemingly small change would allow ISPs like Comcast and Verizon to legally experiment with so-called fast lanes for internet traffic, in which they prioritise some apps and services over others. Theoretically, under these rules, an ISP could prioritise its own traffic or even block certain apps or services.

The order would also give significant additional authority to the Federal Trade Commission:

“Our balanced approach also restores the authority of the nation’s most experienced cop on the privacy beat – the Federal Trade Commission – to police the privacy practices of Internet Service Providers.”

Some FCC commissioners have said they will oppose the order.

This is the @FCC plan to roll back #NetNeutrality: https://t.co/05owAva2hu. Don't boo. Read it. Then roar. It's time to make a ruckus. It's time to #SaveNetNeutrality. — Jessica Rosenworcel (@JRosenworcel) November 22, 2017

The FCC will vote on the order at its meeting on December 14.

NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/signs-you-are-too-smart-for-your-job-2017-37 signs you're too smart for your jobNBCUniversal Television Distribution It might be time to bail.

No one wants to feel like their skills are being underutilized or their potential is being wasted.

But it’s still a fairly prevalent issue. According to one survey, 35% of millennials with bachelor’s degrees said their first jobs out of school didn’t require a college degree.

Of course, having a college education doesn’t necessarily make a candidate more intelligent than people without degrees. Anyone can be too smart for their job, whether they’re overqualified or just stuck in the wrong role, field, or organisation.

Here are some signs that it’s probably time to move on to something more challenging soon:

1. You’re bored

Nonstop boredom is the biggest indicator that you’re too smart for your job, according to a LinkedIn Post from CEO and founder of Human Workplace, Liz Ryan. “If boredom overwhelms you such that you need sugar and caffeine to stay awake, you’re in the wrong spot,” Ryan explains.

Michael Kerr, an international business speaker and author of “The Humour Advantage” says that feeling bored doesn’t necessarily mean that you’re not doing anything.

“You might find yourself constantly taking on other tasks or helping on other projects out of sheer boredom or just to keep your mind stimulated,” he told Business Insider.

2. You don’t have to try hard

Tasks that don’t phase you at all always seem to stump everyone else in your office. Of course, it’s great to be adept and above-average in some areas, but if you’re consistently outperforming pretty much everyone all the time, it’s time to consider that you might be overqualified.

“It could be a sign that you’re too smart for your role if you’re finishing you assignments and taking on more,” says Ryan Kahn, a career coach, founder of The Hired Group, and author of “Hired! The Guide for the Recent Grad. “This is a great sign and grounds for a promotion if you are able to excel in your role and take on projects of higher value and responsibility.”

3. Your coworkers are stuck in place

If your coworkers can’t keep up when you explain a complex idea, or are opposed to reworking the way things have “always been done,” it might be a sign that they’re not intellectually challenging you. Even if they’re friendly and hard-working, it won’t better you to stay in a position that doesn’t push you. “You don’t improve your game by playing with people a level (or two or three) below your league,” Ryan says.

4. You’re not learning anything

Jobs should always function as learning opportunities, whether you’re miserable at the company or loving your work. If you find that there’s nothing else to learn from your role, it’s probably time to move up within the organisation or move on altogether.

According to Kerr, signs of lack of intellectual stimulation at work include feeling “increasingly bored, un-energised or demotivated by your current workload, to the point that you are often distracted or can’t focus to the point that your work is suffering.”

5. Your boss doesn’t have a vision

“You can’t grow your flame working for someone who has no idea what a vision is or where to get one,” Ryan says. Your boss should be someone you can learn from and bounce ideas off of. If they don’t have a plan for how to grow the department, or even further their own career, it’s a sign there’s not much they can offer you.

6. You clam up

“You have a tendency to not speak up during meetings because you’re concerned that people view you as the office know-it-all or that you’re always trying to be in the spotlight,” Kerr says.

7. You’re basically managing your bosses

“We all make mistakes, but if you find yourself consistently finding errors in your bosses’ work or opportunities to elevate their work, could be a sign that you’re too smart for your role,” Kahn says.

Kerr says that if you find yourself constantly looking at your boss and thinking “Wow, I could so do that job,” then you’re probably due for a promotion.

Emmie Martin contributed to a previous version of this article.

NOW WATCH: Ideas videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/you-could-be-surfing-on-your-lunch-break-in-melbournes-cbd-if-this-architects-docklands-plan-works-2014-11You Could Be Surfing On Your Lunch Break In Melbourne's CBD If This Architect's Docklands Plan WorksAn artist’s impression of the Melbourne surf park. Source: rogersarchitecture.com

Before his career as an architect took off, Damian Rogers spent a lot of time surfing. Now, thinking about his own work-life balance, he’s come up with a bold and radical plan to transform a disused part of Melbourne’s Docklands area into a hi-tech surf beach.

Rogers is pushing to build a wave park opposite Etihad stadium. It would feature a sand beach, rooftop parkland, a heated saltwater pool that floats in the harbour, generating a wave up to 1.5m high – its height can be controlled – rolling for 160 metres onto a beach. When the wave is turned off, it’s just a big pool to swim in.

The architect has been working with design and engineering firm Arup – responsible for the “bird’s nest” stadium at Beijing, and most famously, the Sydney Opera House – to develop the $8-plus million concept. After releasing details over the weekend, he’s already been approached by a number of investors wanting to know more.

Rogers is thinking big. With the famed Bells Beach 90 minutes from the city centre, his project would be the first time a wave park has been built in an urban area (the one in Dubai is a 2-hour drive out of town). He’s working with Surfing Victoria to ensure the wave is big enough to use in professional surf tournaments.

The location of the wave park.

The Docklands area has been undergoing major urban renewal over the past decade, with a mix of high density residential and business projects being developed but as visitors to the area know, it lacks character and needs a central reference point.

Rogers said as he explored where to put their concept water park, Docklands became an obvious choice.

“Accessibility is the great thing about the project,” Rogers told Business Insider. “Melbourne needs the opportunity to embrace the water. It’s not just just about the wave, it’s about a public space and the obvious way to create a park in the Docklands is to embrace the water.”

An artists impression of the Docklands wave park. Source: rogersarchitecture.com

That means you could duck down from the office during your lunch break for a surf.

“A lot of corporations want to tap into that work/life balance,” Rogers said. “I know what surfing did for me in terms of my life balance and now I would like to bring that to the people of Melbourne.”

So far there have been informal talks with the City of Melbourne council about the idea. The council’s made no commitments of support but said in a statement that “it was an interesting concept, if private funding were available for the infrastructure”.

For now, Rogers is keen to get feedback on his idea. You can leave it here.

Watch Roger and Monica Hatcher from Arup explain the concept below:

Please enable JavaScript to watch this video.

NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/linkedin-skills-hired-in-2013-2013-1225 Hot Skills That Got People Jobs In 2013Mike Coppola/Getty Images

Looking to pick up some new skills in 2014 but not sure what to focus on?

LinkedIn has you covered. The online career site recently released a list of the 25 hottest skills that got people hired in the past year. Not surprisingly, the list is overwhelmingly composed of tech, coding, and data analysis skills, with “social media marketing” taking the No. 1 spot.

The site came up with its list by grouping the thousands of skills people list on their LinkedIn profiles into general categories (i.e., “press releases” into “public relations”). From there, it analysed which skills drew the most interest from employers based on hiring activity (members who changed jobs in 2013) and recruiting activity (searches put out by recruiters).

The results offer even more evidence that we live in a data-driven world. LinkedIn also notes that businesses seem to be growing and expanding, since skills like “recruiting” and “business development” land among the top 10.

So if you’re aiming to beef up your skill set in 2014, here’s a good place to start. We’re willing to bet they’re not going out of style any time soon.

LinkedIn

NOW WATCH: Ideas videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.https://www.businessinsider.com.au/best-science-movies-shows-streaming-on-netflix-right-now-2015-9The 16 best science movies and TV shows streaming on Netflix right nowLabour Day weekend is here.

That means a retreat to the woods or a beach for some of us. For others it’s the perfect moment to hit the couch and gorge ourselves on streaming cinematic adventures (when we’re not grilling hot dogs, of course).

The good news is there’s an incredible variety of compelling science-and-nature-oriented documentaries and series streaming on Netflix right now — from shows that unmask the mysterious depths of the ocean to documentary films that tell harrowing tales of mountaineers risking their lives.

But there’s a dark side to all of that choice: It’s a lot to choose from.

So I polled the Tech Insider team and came up with 16 of the best science documentaries, series, and feature-length films to watch online — a list including classics and newcomers alike.

Here are our favourites, listed in no particular order:

'Blackfish' (2013) YouTube What it's about: This film highlights issues with the sea park industry through the tale of Tilikum, a killer whale in captivity at SeaWorld in Orlando, Florida. Tilikum has killed several people while living in the park. Why you should see it: Sea parks are extremely popular family destinations. This documentary opens your eyes to the troubles with keeping wild animals in captivity through shocking footage and emotional interviews, highlighting potential issues of animal cruelty and abuse when using highly intelligent animals as entertainment. Sea parks make billions of dollars off of keeping animals captive, often at the expense of the health and well-being of its animals. (Click to watch) 'Particle Fever' (2013) Google What it's about:This documentary follows six scientists as they prepare for one of the biggest and most expensive experiments in history: recreating conditions from the Big Bang with the launch of the Large Hadron Collider in Europe. Their aim is to unravel the mysteries of the universe and the origins of matter. Why you should see it:'Physics is often considered a forbiddingly dense subject, but 'Particle Fever' gives you a window into physics without breaking your brain. It documents the discovery of the famous Higgs boson particle that many physicists think holds the key to understanding the universe. Instead of getting bogged down with the complexities of particle physics, the film focuses more on the human drama of the discovery, and how it could change our understanding of the world around us.' -- Kelly Dickerson, science reporter at Tech Insider. (Click to watch.) 'Planet Earth' (2006) BBC Video What it's about: Actress Sigourney Weaver narrates this dazzling high-definition documentary series, which offers incredible footage of the world's breathtaking natural wonders -- oceans, deserts, ice caps, and more. (Note: This is the US version of the BBC production.) Why you should see it: 'Planet Earth is why HDTV was invented. It has some of the most amazing visuals ever. And then when you learn to the depths at which they went to get the footage, such as camping out for days on end in camouflage, you have such a great appreciation that the people behind it. They truly want to give you a one of a kind experience,' said Sam Rega, producer and director for Business Insider Films. 'You've never seen nature like this. I'd argue that Planet Earth, with its high definition footage that took five years to shoot, changed the way nature documentaries were made -- all for the better. 'It's a journey around the globe to the incredibly varied environments that make up our world. Every episode shows you things you've never seen: caves with their eyeless creatures, jungles brimming with life, and to the mountains which tower over us. Plus, David Attenborough.' -- Kevin Loria, science reporter at Tech Insider. (Click to watch.) 'Grizzly Man' (2005) USA What it's about: Director Werner Herzog pieces together actual video footage of devoted conservationist Timothy Treadwell's solo journey to an Alaskan reserve, where he lives among a bunch of wild grizzly bears. The grim realities of Treadwell's passion become apparent when one of his beloved bears turns on him with tragic consequences. Why you should see it: 'The weird tale of Timothy Treadwell is both an up-close look at nature and simultaneously at human hubris. Treadwell spent 13 summers living near and among grizzlies in Alaska before one eventually -- and perhaps inevitably -- killed and ate him and his girlfriend. 'It's a perfect film for Werner Herzog, who uses Treadwell's own footage to take us on this journey that starts with a man's fascination with these huge but wild creatures and devolves to a fatal narcissism.' -- Kevin Loria, science reporter at Tech Insider. (Click to watch.) 'Life' (2009) BBC What it's about: This 11-episode British animated series was made over four years and filmed on every continent and in every type of habitat in the world. It chronicles some of the most unusual and bizarre behaviours that both plants and animals adopt to survive on our planet. Why you should see it: 'Each episode is unique, but they all have these 'whoa' moments, like when the chimpanzees SHARE their tools. It's also the fact that they know how to share, and it makes you think about how we're not so different from animals. Overall, the theme of the series is that life is this insane system of creatures adapting any way they can to survive.' -- Steve Kovach, deputy editor at Tech Insider. (Click to watch.) 'Fed Up' (2014) Atlas Films What it's about: An investigation into the American food industry and a first-hand look at how processed foods -- particularly sugar -- contribute to deadly diseases like obesity. Why you should see it: 'Obesity is typically thought of as a matter of will power. It's something you avoid by wilfully eating well and staving off through exercise. Fed Up argues that big corporations, via intense lobbying, have convinced the federal government to put sugar into everything. And they use brain studies to back up the idea that sugar isn't just unhealthy in excess; it changes your brain in the same way as addictions. Kids don't have a chance even if they wanted to take action.' -- Chris Weller, innovation reporter at Tech Insider. (Click to watch.) 'Into the Abyss' (2011) IFC Films What it's about: Another Werner Herzog masterpiece, this documentary tells the story of death row inmate Michael Perry, who was convicted of a triple murder in 2001. Why you should see it: This film delves into the fraught realm of capitol punishment through interviews with convicted killers and their families, and Texas criminal justice system members to explore the psychology of why people -- and states that enforce the death penalty -- kill. (Click to watch.) 'Everest' (1998) Arcturus Motion Pictures What it's about: A team of filmmakers follow avid and fearless climbers and their guides as they make their annual attempts at summitting Mount Everest -- one of Earth's tallest and most treacherous mountains. Why you should see it: 'It's an awesome story about what it takes to climb Everest.' -- Steve Kovach, deputy editor at Tech Insider. (Click to watch.) 'Virunga' (2014) Netflix What it's about: In the midst of a civil war and fight over the Congo's natural resources, a team of embattled and devoted park rangers risk their lives to protect eastern Congo's Virunga National Park from poachers and armed militia. Why you should see it: This film is a dynamic and impressive mix of investigative journalism and nature, bringing to light the troubles of protecting one of the most biodiverse places on the planet and home to the few remaining mountain gorillas in Africa's forgotten national park. (Click to watch.) 'Human Planet' (2011) BBC Earth What it's about: From the Arctic to the desert, and coasts to jungles, this awe-inspiring, jaw-dropping series explores humankind's adaptation to and relationship with nature. Why you should see it: 'It feels like I'm watching it for the first time, every time. Amazing visuals and excellent narration. I don't feel like I'm wasting time when I'm watching these documentaries.' -- Antonio Villas-Boas, tech reporter at Tech Insider. (Click to watch.) 'Bigger, Stronger, Faster' (2008) BSF Film What it's about: This documentary sucks you into the bizarre yet pervasive world of performance-enhancing drugs in sports. Through interviews with bodybuilders, doctors, coaches, and politicians, you get an intimate sense of the American obsession with doing whatever it takes to win. Why you should see it: 'Christopher Bell's documentary about steroid use focuses on himself and his two brothers, but it's really a story about what it means to be a 'better' or science-augmented human and a philosophical consideration of the American psychological obsession with being the best: biggest, strongest, and fastest. 'Scientifically you see the physical and mental effects of common performance-enhancing drugs. At the same time you consider what it means to use technology and science to be a better athlete -- how do we decide what's fair?' -- Kevin Loria, science reporter at Tech Insider. (Click to watch.) 'Touching the Void' (2003) FilmFour What it's about: This is the true story of two young climbers who attempted to summit Siula Grande in Peru in the 1980s and their perilous journey along the way. It's widely considered one of the most defining mountaineering tales of our time. Why you should see it: 'This incredibly intense film tells the story of Joe Simpson's and Simon Yates's attempt to climb Siula Grande in the Peruvian Andes. After reaching the summit, Joe falls and breaks his leg. Simon attempts to lower Joe down, but while a storm rages overhead, Joe falls off a cliff. Stuck holding onto a dangling rope, Simon was forced to cut Joe loose. 'Somehow, unknown to his climbing partner, Joe survives the fall, and has to try to drag himself back to camp. It's a story about survival and perseverance in the face of death, and one that redefines resilience.' -- Kevin Loria, science reporter at Tech Insider. (Click to watch.) 'Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey' (2014) Cosmos Studios What it's about:This documentary series is a spin-off of Carl Sagan's award-winning and popular 1980 show, 'Cosmos: A Personal Voyage.' The illustrious Neil deGrasse Tyson takes viewers on a journey across the universe and planet Earth in a dazzling demonstration of the human quest for knowledge. Why you should see it: 'Neil Tyson is great at taking complex science things and making them accessible; he's very good at making it sound magical.' -- Steve Kovach, deputy editor at Tech Insider. (Click to watch.) 'The Blue Planet' (2001) BBC What it's about: This critically-acclaimed series plunges into the mysterious depths of the world's oceans by travelling to a variety of coasts and poles to examine all of its creatures, big and small. It's narrated by Sir David Attenborough, one of the most famous voices in documentary filmmaking. Why you should see it: 'This is a must-watch because our planet is covered by water and there are mysteries and alien creatures in the oceans that seem like they're from another world. The next-best thing to exploring that yourself is seeing those incredible environments and having David Attenborough talk you through fragile and colourful coral reefs, the dark abyss of the deep ocean, and the lives of the powerful creatures of the open sea.' -- Kevin Loria, science reporter at Tech Insider. (Click to watch.) 'Bears: Spy in the Woods' (2004) BBC Earth What it's about: David Attenborough narrates this documentary capturing unprecedented footage of the secret lives of bears around the world. Using specially camouflaged cameras, the filmmakers snag one of the most intimate looks at the daily lives of bears, including wild pandas in China, grizzly bears in Siberia, and polar bears in the Arctic. Why you should see it: 'It's like 'Keeping Up With The Kardashians,' but with bears instead of people. In the wilderness. This film follows a family of bears over the course of a year through some pretty trying times. Though it's technically a documentary, 'Bears' feels more like a scripted drama as the bears are forced to confront Mother Nature in real and often terrifying ways.' -- Emily Cohn, managing editor at Tech Insider. (Click to watch.) 'Antarctica: A Year On Ice' (2013) Antzworks What it's about: This feature-length film provides stunning footage of what it's like to live and work in one of the harshest environments on Earth: Antarctica. This unique look at the bottom of the planet was filmed across 15 years by Frozen Planet photographer Anthony Powell. Why you should see it: 'A fun, charming look at an entire year living in the most extreme place on the planet. It's his first film, but New Zealand filmmaker Anthony Powell has years of experience at the bottom of the globe, and it shows. 'Powell uses a combination of time-lapse photography and footage shot over a 365-day-period to show the both the extreme beauty and the day-to-day normal tasks that keep the people that choose to make Antarctica their home busy. Plus, it's shot in some of the most extreme conditions possible, surrounded by icebergs and massive storms and either 24 hours of day or night.' -- Kevin Loria, science reporter at Tech Insider. (Click to watch.)

NOW WATCH: Briefing videos

Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join

Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.http://www.cnbc.com/2017/11/23/on-disputed-land-zimbabweans-see-hope-after-mugabes-exit.htmlOn disputed land, Zimbabweans see hope after Mugabe's exitFor years, a group of Zimbabwean villagers resisted efforts by the wife of former President Robert Mugabe to force them off a farm near the capital, enduring police raids and the demolition of their homes. Now that Mugabe has resigned, the farmers say they are able to move more freely in a blow to Grace Mugabe's efforts to expand her landholdings.

"God bless her, we suffered," said 57-year-old Violet Mazvarira, who described a hard life on the disputed farm in an area of rolling hills, 25 miles north of the capital, Harare.

The Mazowe district is a centerpiece of assets likely to come under scrutiny as many Zimbabweans believe the Mugabe family exploited its power to improperly take control of land and other resources in a country where many struggle to get by.

Grace Mugabe, whose ambitions to succeed her husband as president triggered a military takeover, has attracted criticism in the past for lavish shopping trips. In October, she went to court in an attempt to seize assets of a Lebanese businessman who allegedly failed to deliver a diamond ring worth more than $1.35 million.

The former first lady set up a school and runs a dairy farm in Mazowe, projects that she said would boost Zimbabwe's devastated economy but were widely seen as an attempt to build a business empire for personal gain. Those ambitions are now in question after her 93-year-old husband resigned Tuesday following pressure from the military, parliament and street protesters, ending nearly four decades in power that saw Zimbabwe slide into economic ruin.

The conflict over Manzou farm, also known as Arnold farm, was a flashpoint for national anger over perceptions that Grace Mugabe thought she was above the law in her efforts to evict residents and turn the area into a wildlife park. Earlier this year, human rights lawyers secured a court order allowing hundreds of villagers to stay on the farm, but police or guards showed up again and tried to force people off the land, according to community leader Innocent Dube.

Grace Mugabe "never followed the court order," he said. "She was still bringing police here."

Now, however, things are different. After news of Mugabe's resignation reached the farm, villagers staged a demonstration, marching in nearby roads without interference from security forces. Police who used to watch the farm's entrance appear to be hunkered down in their compound. A sign says "trespassers will be prosecuted," but people come and go.

"I can do any project that I want, freely, without any interference," said Dube, who nevertheless remains concerned that people on Manzou farm don't have formal ownership of the land where they grow crops and raise livestock.

The villagers first moved into Manzou farm around 2000 as part of a wave of land seizures and evictions of farmers from Zimbabwe's white minority, which relinquished power in 1980 after a guerrilla war by black nationalists. Mugabe said the often-violent reform program was meant to redistribute resources to poor blacks, but many prime farms instead ended up in the hands of ruling party leaders, party loyalists, security chiefs, relatives and cronies.

Critics said many invaded farms were mismanaged, hurting Zimbabwe's agricultural production and the economy.

Several years ago, Grace Mugabe said people on Manzou farm were panning for gold, and she accused a local lawmaker of trying to incite people to resist her claim to the land.

"I might have a small fist," she said at the time. "But when it comes to fighting, I will put stones inside to enlarge it. Do not doubt my capabilities."

Many villagers were forced out, but some remained.

"We are now happy because we are just planting and we have got another government," said farmer Gifmo Tsaratsa, who hopes his community "can talk to them about what we need."